The Na|NaSICON contact area was 1.77 cm 2 .
Geometric area of the NaSICON was 1.76 cm2.
NASICON powder was compressed for 7 minutes.
SIB and LIB has the same working principle .
The sodium-ion battery's working principles .
Sodium storage performance in aqueous system.
An all-PBA low-cost Na-ion battery full cell.
NVPF|HC: Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 |hard carbon.
A fully recyclable sodium ion battery design.
Galvanostatic plating in a sodium metal cell.
is a potential issue in sodium-ion batteries.
The expected activity of Olivine-NaFePO 4 vs.
S2), which are beneficial for Na-ion storage.
S1 to assess their sodium storage capacities.
Charge/discharge cycle in a sodium metal cell.
The yield of hard carbon from PVP is about 6%.
We could divide SIB into different components.
Synthesis of the Prussian blue (PB) nanocubes.
In this part a short review a SIB is presented.
Sodium metal was used as a reference electrode.
Na + /Na) and accounts for bulk sodium storage.
Figure 4 depicts the structure of Prussian blue.
NaFePO 4 was early reported as cathode for SIBs.
Advanced structure of high-energy sodium cathode.
O3-type) does however lead to smaller capacities.
The material thusly obtained is called NASICON 1.
Sodium storage performance in non-aqueous system.
A high-performance and stable sodium ion battery.
Hard carbons are prepared from commercial sucrose.
Sodium metal was applied as the counter electrode.
However, the sodium ion's larger radius (1.0 Å vs.
Na + /Na in Li-and Na-ion batteries, respectively.
Analysis of the NaSICON after cycling, seen in Fig.
Prussian blue cathode material has many advantages.
Prussian blue (PB) and Prussian blue analogs (PBAs).
Thus, we will focus on the α-NaMnO 2 in the article.
Surface morphology was analyzed on Sn-coated NaSICON.
However, other SIB cell types may behave differently.
Electrochemical performance of Na-ion full batteries.
Hard carbon in practice shows the values of ~350 mA/g.
Possible anode candidates focus on hard carbons (HCs).
Information of sodium-ion batteries is less available.
Na/Na+) and 0.01-1.5 V for higher mass loading samples.
First, the 3D printed disc was tested vs. sodium metal.
Several hard carbons can perform well in coin cells vs.
NVPF: Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 ; SIB: sodium-ion battery.
Sodium-ion batteries can solve this problem very well .
The same applies to the Prussian blue based NaPBA cell.
From this raw material aspects, SIB is better than LIB.
S8), similar to the Na/NASICON/NaCBH/(HC + NaCBH) cell.
For Na-ion batteries, the data are summarized in TABLE.
The Nyquist plot for PE/NASICON/PE is shown in Fig. 3c.
Sodium-ion batteries have three ways to store energy: 1.
S27a †), and XPS analysis of the hard carbon anode (Fig.
MnS-MoS 2 exhibited excellent sodium storage properties.
Co 3 [Co(CN) 6 ] cobalt Prussian blue analogue (Co-PBA).
No conditioning was performed on the Na|NaSICON|Na cells.
The performance of hard carbon anode is presented in Fig.
Commercial hard carbon (C-HC) was purchased from MTI (No.
Na-enriched phases for highly efficient Na-ion batteries.
The future of sodium-ion battery research looks promising.
SIB index added to (36.48%+13.85%)50.33%, higher than LIB.
Such a structure is typical for hard carbon materials 12 .
Additionally, other NaSICONlike compounds will be studied.
However, sodium ion layered oxides still have limitations.
Therefore, we assign R 1 to the sodium metal/SE interface.
This combination seems to be favorable for sodium storage.
SIB resembles LIB in structure and functioning mechanisms.
These advantages will reduce the cost of SIB manufacturing.
S20a), revealing no significant deposition of sodium metal.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are close to commercialization.
Figure 3 compares SIB and LIB components and process's GWP.
When manufacture sodium-ion battery or Lithium-ion battery.
Overall, sodium-ion batteries are low-cost and highly safe.
We further investigated the case of commercial hard carbons.
The ICE of hard carbon anodes is crucial for SIB full cells.
These properties induced improved Na-ion storage performance.
Vacancy is an important factor promoting sodium ions storage.
Sodium-ion batteries are so-called post-lithiumion batteries.
The loading mass of hard carbon electrode was 0.45 mg cm À2 .
However, the NASICON cathode has low electronic conductivity.
The active sodium ions are initially included in the cathode.
The melting point T mp of NaSICON depends on its composition .
The greater amount of Na-ion utilization is captured by XANES.
XPS measurements on the hard carbon anode aer 50 cycles (Fig.
We then slurry cast the microparticles to assemble SIB anodes.
SIBs with hard carbon anodes have already been commercialized.
This model was evaluated and scored in the context of NASICON.
For the full cell assembly, hard carbon was used as the anode.
The same process is observed for NASICON 2, shown in Figure 5.
Na + /Na for 80 cycles for the tests in the Na-ion half-cells.
The porous structure facilitates the diffusion of sodium ions.
Sodium metal foil was used as the counter/reference electrode.
Hard carbon negative electrode without pre sodiation treatment.
But with huge reserves of sodium metal, this is not a problem .
Compared with lithium batteries, SIB have more cost advantages.
The surfaces of pristine and SnNaSICONSn are shown in Figure 1.
As a result, a facile Na-ion transport can still be maintained.
Preservation of the NASICON phase was conrmed by XRD (ESI Fig.
Hence, a wide variety of CAMs are observable on the SIB market.
For hard carbon, its storage mechanism is still controversial .
The charge-discharge profile of the SIB is shown in Figure 3(a).
The SRC is from the Na-ion storage at defect surfaces and edges.
However, sodium-ion batteries currently face certain challenges.
Hypothesis: Lewis basic catholyte is less aggressive to NaSICON.
The ISC failure mode of sodium-ion batteries remains unidentied.
Therefore, SC-800 exhibited a superior Na-ion storage capability.
Sodium metal foils were used as counter and reference electrodes.
The P2 compound Na0.67Ni0.33Mn0.67O2 was first reported in 2001 .
Hard carbon operates at low potentials of approximately 0-1 V vs.
We found two isostructures of α-NaMnO 2 and analyzed the results.
These chemicals are crucial to the functioning of SIB technology.
The first one is enough length of graphene sheets in hard carbon.
Therefore, SIB show higher benefits from the mechanical recycling.
In addition, Na2C6O6 was also used as sodium ion cathode material.
NaSICON (Na The ball-to-powder weight ratio was 3:1, respectively.
The morphology of hard carbon can be spherical, linear, or porous.
Na-ion diffusivity in Na3MCl6 was obtained using AIMD simulations.
This paper mainly introduces the research of sodium-ion batteries.
This is attributed to the ion-transfer resistance of NASICON/NYZC.
The crystal structure of NASICON compounds was determined in 1968.
The XRD pattern of the obtained NASICON powder is shown in Fig. 1.
Prussian blue and its analogs are a versatile family of materials.
In that case, in the solid pollution area, SIB is better than LIB.
S31 † to get insight into the different sodium storage mechanisms.
The mass ratio of electrolytes to hard carbons in the test is 1:1.
Sodium metal anode possesses high capacity and low redox potential.
NaSICON powders were synthesized by a solid-state synthesis method.
The synthesis of NaFePO 4 was conducted using a solid-state method.
For instance, the Na-ions would be reduced instead of the molecule.
At present, PVDF, CMC, PAA, and PVA are widely used as SIB binders.
Interestingly, they are proven to be viable as SIB anode materials.
In other words, Mg 2+ was evenly doped into the bulk NASICON phase.
Amorphous carbons are categorized into soft carbon and hard carbon.
This interface gap contact limits the overall sodium ion transport.
NaSICON disks were coated on both sides for use in symmetric cells.
Sodium metal foil was used as the counter and reference electrodes.
The objects of study can find use as cathodes for Na-ion batteries.
The hard carbons as-prepared show a mille-feuille shaped morphology.
The energy density of SIB is close to that of lithium-ion batteries.
These features expand the accessible space for sodium-ion migration.
Some studies have shown that sodium ion can de/intercalate into RGO.
Such large nano-pores are advantage for Na-ion transfer and storage.
Recently, phosphorus has been tested as an anode for Na-ion battery.
Current regulations and testing protocols for Na-ion battery safety.
The formed Sb@PC composite has excellent sodium storage performance.
Phenolic resin is a widely used precursor for hard carbon materials .
Based on our experiments the carbon yields from lignin to hard carbon
Therefore, FeS 2 @CF-NS showed significant sodium storage properties.
TEM enables direct observation of the microstructure of hard carbons.
D Na+ for all samples was calculated based on Fick's second law (Fig.
K + /K) in the hard carbon || Na metal cell and then charge to 2.0 V.
The hard carbon was synthesized according to previous reports 14,46 .
Sodium-ion battery electrolyte is similar to the Lithium-ion battery.
Secondly, it shows negligible volume expansion upon sodium insertion.
Sodium ion batteries (SIBs) attract the attention of the researchers.
We also compared their sodium storage properties with that of lithium.
All SIB cells show higher CFs, compared to the LFP/graphite benchmark.
The behavior of the SnNaSICONSn-1000 cell is illustrated in Figure 6b.
The equilibrium lattice constants of NaMnO 2 unit cell were optimized.
Sodium insertion in '-polyol leads to the following spectral changes.
Besides, hard carbon was used as the anode to assemble full batteries.
The performance of P2-CuS is quite competent for sodium-ion batteries.
Li-and Na-ion batteries work on the so-called rocking chair mechanism.
Sodium-ion batteries have great potential as energy storage batteries.
As a result, SIB technology has been proposed as a viable alternative.
The oxygen stacking in O3-type materials follows an AB CA BC sequence.
For the negative electrode, the most popular material is hard carbon .
This again shows the disordered nature of all the hard carbon samples.
For the remaining SIB chemistries, no studies have yet been published.
The hard carbon structure is of prime importance for Na-ion insertion.
The history of NASICON-type materials can be traced back to the 1960s.
The hard carbon (HC) was prepared through the direct pyrolysis method.
Initially, sodium ions react with bismuth metal to form the NaBi phase.
There are currently two main approaches to optimizing SIB electrolytes.
Similarly, NaFePO 4 has the same issues of low electronic conductivity.
A stacking fault model incorporating P3-type sodium sites was proposed.
The NaSICON precursor powder was calcined at 600 °C for 2 hours in air.
The mass loading of hard carbon electrode in the pouch cell was ~80 mg.
Na-ion batteries have gained significant popularity in the last decade.
Theoretical investigation of the Na-ion storage mechanism in P2-NaMNNb.
Thus, this material is also very promising for aqueous SIB systems 48 .
After that, the pulverized Nasicon was pressed in a mold with ~300 MPa.
An LCA of large prismatic SIB cells is still missing in the literature.
There are no reports on the application of this material in SIB anodes.
AIMD simulations were performed to examine Na-ion diffusion in Na3MCl6.
Meanwhile, the O3-type phase could be maintained after 3 days (Fig. 6d).
All hard carbons were electrochemically characterized in half-cells (vs.
is a typical NASICON structure with a high voltage plateau and capacity.
Fully rejuvenated electrochemical performance of the sodium ion battery.
However, this pattern coincides well to the monoclinic phase of NaSICON.
A black dot line shows the Li-extracting potential, 1.2 V in a SIB cell.
So, sodium-ion batteries show better safety than lithium-ion batteries .
Quenching eliminates TM vacancies, stabilizing O3-type NaNi₀₄Mn₀₄Co₀₂O₂.
This is likely due to the reduction of FEC at the hard carbon electrode.
Soft carbon has been less studied than hard carbon as an anode for SIBs.
As to P2-type, doping ions, such as Cu, can help mitigate J-T distortion.
A small particle size is benecial for accelerating sodium ion transport.
Sodium metal was placed on top of the SEM stub as the negative electrode.
One of the typical sodium-ion-conducting sulfide solid electrolytes, viz.
Figure 4 shows NASICON 1 before 600 °С treatment and after the treatment.
Sodium-ion batteries' cost of collectors is much lower than that of LIBs.
The C 1s spectra of the three types of hard carbons are displayed in Fig.
The sodium metal anode was typically 240 µm in thickness (~25 mg cm -2 ).
In P2-type materials, the oxygen stacking is AB BA (Delmas et al., 1980).
The reversible capacity of the hard carbon was identified versus Nametal.
This helps to ensure and diversify their applicability in full SIB cells.
Li/Li + (Fig. 5(c)), which is consistent with the result of Na-ion cells.
Then, we report the process of degradation of sodium ions in the samples.
Let us first consider a sodium-ion battery under open-circuit conditions.
In this study, new carboxylates are synthesized for sodium-ion batteries.
Both a piece of NaSICON and Na metal were heated on an Al block to 110°C.
These effects can mainly be attributed to incongruent melting of NASICON.
The working principle of SIB is similar to that of lithium-ion batteries.
Therefore, research into sodium-ion batteries is of paramount importance.
Figure 4 shows NASICON 1 before 600 • С treatment and after the treatment.
All NaMNO spectra were normalized with respect to their highest intensity.
The D Na+ as a function of the discharge/charge depth is shown in Fig. 5g.
NASICON type compounds and the role of vacant sites in the migration path.
Hence, its use as current collector in a LIB or SIB is highly compromised.
Hard carbons were prepared by hydrothermal carbonisation (HTC) of glucose.
We evaluate the Na-ion storage properties of the as-obtained hard carbons.
The large interlayer space of MoSe 2 favours Na-ion transport and storage.
This was the expected NaSICON microstructure before contact with Na metal.
S3, ESI †) and other NASICON materials, 20,23,40,45 as illustrated in Fig.
Na + /Na) for the newly synthesized P3-type Na 2/3 Mg 1/3 Mn(IV) 2/3 O 2 .
In recent years, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted wide interest.
Line defects are hard carbon imperfections caused by vacancy defects 215 .
Therefore, F-HC could be used as a favorable high-energy density SIB anode.
The sodium-ion battery also has good rate performance and cycle stability .
Al is less expensive than Cu, so Al is more frequently used for SIB anodes.
It is expected that the proposed structure is promising for the SIB system.
Hard carbon was synthesized with the addition of GO as a dehydration agent.
The three sodium ions per formula unit are allocated in two distinct sites.
Significant progress has been made in sodium-ion battery research in China.
It is necessary to explore new electrode materials of sodium-ion batteries.
The top and bottom platinum electrodes serve as Na-ion blocking electrodes.
Polystyrene particles were applied as a template for hard carbon materials.
Electrochemical characterizations of the Hard Carbon||P2-NaMNNb coin cells.
The research on sodium-ion batteries (SIDs) has aroused intensive attention.
LIB is 175WH/Kg, SIB is 160 WH/Kg, from this aspect, LIB is better than SIB.
The hard carbon electrodes were charged in advance to 0.01 V in a half cell.
Following pyrolysis in Ar at 1100 1C the obtained hard carbon was collected.
Subsequently, the porous feature of hard carbon was systematically analyzed.
The authors claimed they found a promising cathode for sodium-ion batteries.
In particular, hard carbon materials have several surface functional groups.
However, the theoretical methods have been employed to sodium ion batteries.
XRD reveals prominent NASICON phases for LTAP compared to LTAaP composition.
The sodium storage performance of samples was tested in coin cells (CR2032).
Unlike graphite, the above compounds show a certain sodium storage activity.
Synthesis of H 3 PO 4 activated hard carbon from banana stem (PHC) from KHC.
The nomenclature and synthesis of obtained hard carbons are shown in Fig. 1.
For some CAM such as the Prussian blue analogue group, they have no impacts.
A rhombohedral conventional cell was used for each of the NASICON structures.
Moreover, sodium-ion batteries have stronger resistance to high temperatures.
LF and CF, both extracted from biomass, were employed as SIB anode materials.
The screenprinted paste on the sintered Nasicon was fired at 1100 °C for 5 h.
Hard carbons, as commercialized anodes, shine in the field of energy storage.
No zeolite was observed on the surface of the hard carbon after cycling (Fig.
The models accurately predicted the energies of sodium-ion cathode materials.
Sodium ion battery electrodes are not expensive as they abundant at low cost.
Na-ion migration in Na3MCl6 was further investigated using AIMD calculations.
CuS-NTAs@GDY exhibited excellent electrochemical sodium storage capabilities.
Figure 3a shows the Nyquist plot of the NASICON/NaCBH/NASICON symmetric cell.
Sodium-ion batteries may have the potential to replace Lithium-ion batteries.
There are two main types of sodium-ion batteries: pouch cells and coin cells.
Na + /Na) than that of HMF-derived hard carbon (HMF-HC), as shown in Fig. 3b.
According to CATL, sodium-ion batteries are planned to mass-produced in 2023.
Mo 2 TiC 2 has so far not been reported as an electrode for Na-ion batteries.
First, the sodium ions adsorbed on the external surface of the ZTC 46,51,52 .
To assemble the full cell, the mass ratio of HE-K-PBA: hard carbon is 1: 0.5.
Still, hard carbon possesses a very low theoretical capacity of 300 mAhg -1 .
The properties of the resulting epoxy-NASICON sample can be seen in Figure 5.
We utilized the most common O3-type NaNi 1/3 Mn 1/3 Fe 1/3 O 2 (NaNMF) (Figs.
This made PN-CFs-T higher capacitance to improve sodium ion storage capacity.
The regulation effect on sodium ions in their crystal structure was studied .
However, sodium ion batteries have the problem of low cycle life performance.
O3-ZNMT/HC is the SIB cell with the smallest CF at 71.6 kg CO 2 -eq. kWh À1 .
This belongs to the typical lattice characteristics of hard carbon materials.
The sample annealed at 450 °C (marked as SVO-450) was tested as an SIB anode.
The auxiliary electrode and the reference electrode were made of sodium metal.
The other leading sodium-ion battery company is the British company Faradion .
Therefore, highly stable and low-cost SIB anode materials should be developed.
The reversibility of sodium insertion is usually worse than lithium insertion.
The XRD patterns of hard carbon at different temperature are shown in Fig. 4d.
The conditioning cycles established the lowresistance Na|SnNaSICON interfaces.
The ICE was tested through Na Hard carbon half cells at different aging times.
Therefore, this study focuses on producing hard carbon (HC) from olive pomace.
We used bamboo powder, partially de-lignified, as a precursor for hard carbon.
In recent years, electrospinning has also gained popularity in sodium storage.
The common electrolyte in liquid phase, so NASICON as replacement alternative.
Looking at the CF of the CAMs, no advantage for SIB materials can be observed.
The resulting NaSICON precursor powder was calcined at 600 °C for 12 h in air.
The sodium metal was punched to a diameter of 14 mm and a thinckness of ~1 mm.
The pyrolyzed carbon material was ground to obtain fine powder of hard carbon.
The hard carbon electrode was prepared in a fully discharged state (0.01 V vs.
The electrode was tested as an SIB anode without a metallic current collector.
Molten Na was transferred to the NaSICON surface using a heated glass pipette.
This can allow the clearer elucidation of sodiation mechanisms in hard carbon.
We report the use of an oxysulphide as a cathode material in a Na-ion battery.
However, this experience cannot be applied perfectly to hard carbon materials.
Solvated Na ions are co-intercalated into hard carbon in the ether electrolyte.
Sodium cathode chemistry significantly influences thermal stability in NaₓTMO₂.
Sodium ion battery is one of the promising alternatives to lithium ion battery.
This change suggests an evolution of the structure at the Na-NaSICON interface.
The plateau close to 0 V results from the sodium ions insertion into nanopores.
After 40 cycles, the specific capacity of all-solid-state SIB is 230 mAh g -1 .
O3-type Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 raw materials are synthesized by solidstate reaction.
In a HC-basic scenario, SIB cells composed of SOTA HC (325 mAh g À1 , 0.3 V vs.
Prussian blue analogues hold great promise as cathodes in sodium ion batteries.
Overall, negative intercalation energy is conducive to sodium ion intercalated.
Sn and Na can be alloyed, and NA-Sn alloy can be used as sodium anode material.
The kinetics of sodium ion diffusion is improved both along and across the TBs.
In the plateau region sodium ion storage mechanism dominates over pore filling.
The major advantage of biomassderived hard carbon is its high specic capacity.
Therefore, for NaNMFA-2, higher sodium-ion transfer resistance can be expected.
The Li-ion battery and the Na-ion battery both operate on the same principles .
It has an average sodium storage voltage of 1 V, while used as an anode in SIB.
Metallic bismuth is here studied as an anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
The volumetric energy and power density of our FARSIB are displayed in Fig. 6d.
Considering that Sodium-ion batteries technology is not as advanced as Lithium.
And the sodium ion diffusion energy barrier is calculated, as shown in Fig. 4i.
The hard carbon electrode used here was prepared by mixing hard carbon and PVDF.
In our previous research, sodium ion can migrate easily on the surface of MXene.
As a new type of energy storage technology, sodium-ion battery has many upsides.
A 3D nite element model of a sodium-ion pouch cell was developed in this study.
Thus, we synthesized TiHCF and tested it in organic Li-ion and Na-ion batteries.
Some common examples of hard carbons are porogen-free cellulose-derived carbons.
The mass loading of hard carbon is about 2.5 mg/cm 2 with a thickness of ~40 μm.
The most studied layered oxides are based on the O3-type and P2-type structures.
The unique compositing with 1T phase and rGO coating was chosen as an SIB anode.
The intermediate layers introduced at the NASICON-anode interface were examined.
It is worth noting that there are still many problems with sodium-ion batteries.
Boron has also been studied as a cathode dopant for Li-ion and Na-ion batteries.
It means that hard carbons contain a non-negligible quantity of ultramicropores.
A couple of companies already started commercial production of Na-ion batteries.
As anodes, hard carbons (HCs) seem to be the most promising candidates for NIBs.
Sodium ion batteries represent a sustainable alternative to Li-ion technologies.
Herein, we demonstrate Fe 3 S 4 as a promising host-material for sodium storage.
These results reveal that CH-800-1500 exhibits superior sodium storage kinetics.
However, the redox properties of polydopamine with Li-or Na-ions remain unclear.
Additional SEM images of the pristine NaSICON pellets are provided in Figure S3.
Li + /Li and Na + /Na for the tests in Li-ion and Na-ion halfcells, respectively.
This is in agreement with the common view on the sodiation of hard carbon anodes.
However, in the SnNaSICONSn-100 cell, the shape of the EIS spectra was different.
Coin cells were fabricated using sodium metal as the counter/reference electrode.
Therefore, they have opened a wide research window for optimized SIB performance.
Also, Na + /vacancy disordering ensures fast Na + mobility in P2-type compounds .
A NaCBH layer was introduced between the composite electrode and NASICON pellets.
The second is that sodium-ion batteries have fast charging speed and high safety.
Na + /Na) of hard carbon electrodes to minimize the loss of Coulombic efficiency.
What's more, the SIB cells with lower energy density and higher aluminum content.
Only for MEP, the SIB shows the highest impacts among all compared battery types.
It is, however, necessary to determine if such lessons can be applied to NaSICON.
The mechanism of sodium ions storage for TMSs was studied by ex situ XRD and XPS.
Similar to Li-ion batteries, the capacity of Na-ion batteries is cathode-limited.
The results suggested that sodium ions can be successfully stored inside the ZTC.
Deng et al reported also an all-organic Na-ion battery with polymeric electrodes.
The commercial hard carbon used for this study was a Kuranode type 1 (Kuraray Co.
This is advantageous for its applications in Na-ion and K-ion battery technology.
The monoclinic and rhombohedral structure models for NASICON are shown in Fig. 1.
The sodium storage behavior of FeV 2 S 4 at different currents is shown in Fig. 4.
For the XPS tests of cycled hard carbon electrodes, F-free SA was used as binders.
Sodium metal was cut and pressed to form the foil to be used as counter electrode.
Our tests of PHC in half-cells as anodes in sodium-ion battery show similar trend.
The increase in pressure during hard carbon elaboration induces several phenomena.
At the same time, the energy density of sodium ions also has room for improvement.
It is known that the specic capacity is dependent mainly on large sodium storage.
The compiled NASICON conductivity data have been included in the Source Data file.
Two cells were tested, NaSICON-1h and NaSICON-23h, for 1 h and 23 h, respectively.
The mass ratio for hard carbon and NFMTO is about 1:1.7 for matching the capacity.
Na/ Na + ) for O3-type positive electrode and hard carbon electrode, respectively.
SEI layer evolution and Na-ion diffusion kinetic through in situ PEIS measurement.
Polymerization reactions have also been widely explored for hard carbon synthesis.
Some researchers focus on cathode materials to promote the storage of sodium ions.
Yu et al. grew fully crystallized carbon in hard carbon precursors by calcination.
For negative electrodes comprising sodium metal, Na x Sb is the most attractive 4 .
Among them, the Co-doped NASICON compound exhibits the best predicated performance.
It has been tested for an SIB anode both in half-cell and full-cell configuration .
Hard carbon is the most commercially promising anode material in the field of SIBs.
For the cathodic component, we will focus on sodium intercalation alkali compounds.
For the NFMO material, it shows the P2-type hexagonal structure during desodiation.
SHE). 21 The theoretical capacity of sodium insertion/extraction was 133 mAh g ¹1 .
Barker et al. initially investigated NaVPO 4 F for application in Na-ion batteries.
Hence, NaBPh 4 is not decomposed on hard carbon negative electrodes during cycling.
So far several new electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries have been proposed.
A stitched image of the uncoated NaSICON-100 pellet is also included in Figure S8b.
P2-typed structure can lead to increased interlayer spacing (Supplementary Fig. 1).
The sodium storage mechanism underlying HC can be succinctly delineated in Fig. 4e.
One proposed solution is hard carbon, usually synthesized by pyrolysis of polymers.
Yi et al. took hard carbon as an example to explore the influence of electrolytes .
However, Na2Fe3(SO4)4 has a higher voltage than NaFeO2 (3.3 V) or NaFePO4 (2.8 V) .
Figure 4e shows the BVSE results on Na-ions mobility in the ab plane (yellow area).
In conclusion, sodium-ion batteries are a very promising energy storage technology.
Na + ions of NASICON with fast mobility are located in the gap formed by the frame.
The evolution of the local structure in Na-ion LTMOs warrants deeper investigation.
The intact structural design could present an outstanding behavior as an SIB anode.
oxide is a promising high energy density cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
The XRD pattern obtained for the solid-state NASICON electrolyte is shown in Fig. 3.
This work offers novel perspectives for the utilization of HEOs in Na-ion batteries.
There are three sodium storage mechanisms: intercalation, conversion, and alloying .
Using a precipitation method, Fe-based Prussian Blue Analogues (PBAs) were prepared.
Moreover, graphene also remains a promising anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
Empty NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 was prepared by high-temperature solid-state synthesis.
Correspondingly, anionic redox activity in sodium ion batteries was rarely reported.
These characteristics make Si 24 an interesting anode material for Na-ion batteries.
Also, the higher safety of SIB compared to LIB is among the described advantages 6 .
All components of our full Na-ion battery cells are inexpensive commodity materials.
Na 2/3 [Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 , are regarded as candidates for Na-ion battery cathodes.
After this thermal polymerization sample, a brown epoxy-NASICON sample was obtained.
Sodium metal (Sigma Aldrich) discs were applied as counter and reference electrodes.
Recently, Zhang et al. have designed 3D carbon-coated Bi nanospheres as SIB anodes .
Hence, these are the two main types of sodium layered oxides: P2-and O3-type phases.
Besides, electrons carried by this sodium ion is actually less than that of lithium.
Therefore, these sodium ions at defect sites are expected to be equally extractable.
In NaCoO 2 , local P3 stacking is more favorable than O1, and both are local minima.
Currently the most promising candidate is an allotrope of carbon called hard carbon.
NaPF 6 , as a conventional sodium electrolyte salt, has good ionic conductivity 30 .
This demonstrates that sodium ions face relatively higher polarizations with cycling.
Figure 6c-f show the average D Na+ of CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 in four voltage regions.
Here, we have prepared P2-Na0.74Co1-xNbxO2 (x=0, 0.05) by a facile solid-state route.
This phenomenon has also been observed in the NASICON structure Na 3 Fe 2 (PO 4 ) 3 .
The NASICON-type Na 2 VTi(PO 4 ) 3 @C nanocomposite was prepared by a sol-gel method.
Rather, a decrease in the reversible capacity of hard carbon electrodes was observed.
The ReN 2 monolayer is better serving as Na-ion storage materials than as K-ion ones.
Battery with Prussian Blue electrodes can withstand more than 50,000 charging cycles.
S2c), indicating that the conductivity was significantly higher than that of NASICON.
Sodium-ion batteries are emerging as potential alternatives to lithium-ion batteries.
Thus, in terms of low-temperature application prospects sodium-ion battery is better.
Specifically, there is only one occupation of sodium ions in O3-type Mn-based oxides.
Recently, Na-ion batteries (NIBs) have been attracted as an alternative of LIBs 5,6 .
Current research focuses on the mechanism of sodium storage in hard carbon materials.
Spinel oxide-FeV 2 O 4 was employed as a novel anode material for sodium-ion battery.
Sb PAN membrane was the first sample to undergo electrochemical testing as SIB anode.
And the oxidation peak at 1.25 V corresponds to the de-intercalation of sodium ions .
The long-term cycling stability is crucial for evaluating sodium storage performance.
The emergence of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) requires efficient and stable cathodes .
The corresponding P2-type crystal structure of NLMO or NLMO-Zn is shown in Fig. 3d,e.
At present, the research reports on low-temperature sodium-ion batteries are limited.
The technique also reveals the impact of sodium metal plating on battery performance.
In addition, a reduction peak at 0.07 V corresponds to sodium-ion storage on the rGO.
In sodium-ion batteries, Na-rich LTMOs (Na > 0.75) usually form an O3-type structure.
In addition, the challenges and prospects of sodium-ion batteries are also discussed.
It is clearly seen that sodium intercalation in GC1900 is energetically unfavourable.
Consequently, sodium-ion batteries have been attracting increasing interest globally.
The tested CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 materials were scraped from 4.2 V-charged cathodes.
The mass loss between 400 and 650 1C can be attributed to the burning of hard carbon.
Chemical pre-precipitation (CP) is an effective method to enhance SIB energy density.
Against this backdrop, this paper summarizes recent research on sodium-ion batteries.
It is assigned to the expanded plane due to the intercalation of large sized Na-ions.
This emphasizes the adequacy of sodium ions to enter the pores of sample 10nm-FAU-ZTC.
For HC-750 °C, the sodium storage mechanism is mainly dominated by surface adsorption.
In this review, recent progress on MOF-derived materials for SIB anodes is summarized.
For HC-1250 °C, the storage mechanism is mainly dominated by sodium ion intercalation.
The potential drop is thus explained by the depletion of sodium ions in the electrode.
Nanotechnology is key to enhancing the performance and lifespan of sodium-ion anodes .
It reflects higher degree of reversible sodium intercalation/de-intercalation process.
PB-S1, an Mn-based Prussian blue, was obtained by the same route as NaMnF preparation.
The P2-type stacking sequence (.ABBA.) typically forms for Na x MO 2 (0.5 # x # 0.75).
This paper systemically reviews the roles of Ti in electrodes of sodium ion batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are emerging as the best replacement for Li-ion batteries.
Sodium ions are expected to migrate in the ab plane of the layered-columnar structure.
In contrast, PRC was related to Na-ion insertion into graphite-like microcrystallites.
The sodium ion diffusion coefficient (D) was also calculated by the following formula.
The inconsistency between calculation and experiment for NaCoO2 has been reported 15 .
Current density and resistance were determined based on geometric area of the NaSICON.
Thus the sodium storage potential of the internal pores of ZTC can be fully exploited.
Hard carbon (HC) powder (2.8m 2 g -1 ) was provided by GEM Holding Corporation, Japan.
Full cells are assembled with NMV-M10 cathode and pre-sodiated hard carbon (HC) anode.
Therefore, hard carbon as a typical nongraphitic carbon has become a research hotspot.
Economic projections indicate favorable cost trajectories for sodium-ion technologies.
The CV profiles for the LIB and SIB cells at 0.3 mV s À1 , shown in Fig. 6(f) and Fig.
P2-NaMNNb was also tested in combination with a hard carbon (HC) anode active material.
The optimization of the synthesis protocol led to stabilize only P3-type single-phases.
Thus, the prepared materials are suitable candidates for rechargeable Na-ion batteries.
All-solid-state sodium metal batteries (Na-ASSB) may be the answer to these challenges.
The selected TMS spectra of Na0.67Fe0.5Mn0.5O2 sample measured at various temperatures.
After 10 cycles, the pore volume of hard carbon shrinks in both electrolytes (Fig. 4f).
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are gaining attention as a sustainable alternative to LIBs.
P2-type Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 (NaNM) is characterized by its high voltage (3.5 V vs.
Therefore, the x > 1.4 samples could not be heated above 400 °C to form NASICON phases.
Na1/hard carbon pouch cell three-electrode system was also prepared as described above.
The specific currents shown in the text are based on the mass of the hard carbon anode.
The plateau region is due to Na atom insertion into the hard carbon micropores 20,284 .
The selected TMS spectra of Na0.67Fe0.2Mn0.8O2 sample measured at various temperatures.
S2, ESI †), implying nonparallel stacking of graphene fragments within the hard carbon.
P2-Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 was prepared by a traditional solid-state reaction method.
The NASICON ceramics sintered at 1100 ℃ had an ionic conductivity of 1.76 × 10 -4 S/cm.
The sloping region is partly attributed to sodium storage in expanded graphitic stacks.
The effects of LiPF 6 on hard carbon O3 electrode-based SIBs are illustrated in Fig. 3.
Sodium-ion batteries are strategically pivotal to achieving large-scale energy storage.
Here, a selection of 28 SIB and three reference LiB is provided to demonstrate the HTP.
Tang et al. (Fig. 2 e) invited fluorine into Na0.67Li0.1Fe0.4Mn0.5O2 (NLFMO) structure.
The interlayer distance (d 002 ) of hard carbon was calculated from the Bragg equation.
The electrochemical performance of the HC and F-HC samples as SIB anodes was evaluated.
Ma et al. first identified the oxygen activity of P2-Type Na 0.78 Ni 0.23 Mn 0.69 O 2 .
During the charging process, it is the cathode to the anode that transfers sodium ions.
Here the competitive Li-extraction is possible even in the SIB cell as discussed later.
After long-term cycles, the sodium-ion cells are disassembled in an Ar-filled glovebox.
The nal products exhibit an excellent specic capacity as sodium ion battery cathodes.
A similar effect was observed when rice husks were used as hard carbon precursors 133 .
Researches about nanotechnology in Na-ion batteries are introduced in the next chapter.
NaSICON disks used for sessile drop testing were polished on one surface to P2500 grit.
Different from hard carbon, it will transform into graphite when heated above 2,500 °C.
It also showed outstanding full cell performance when coupled with hard carbon as anode.
The development of cathode materials determines the application of sodium-ion batteries.
In NIBs, sodium metal is conventionally used as the counter and the reference electrode.
Charge storage of the conventional intercalation-based Li/Na-ion cathode materials (e.g.
Palanisamy et al. used TGA to understand the formation of the layered NaCoO 2 material .
Firstly, ion-doping can be used to inhibit phase transition in both P2-type and O3-type.
The material characterization and sodium storage performance of HC are displayed in Fig.
The schematic for synthesis of Prussian blue analogue-functionalized magnetic microgels.
Moreover, the research on the anode materials for Na-ion batteries is still challenging.
Coupling the P2-type polymorph together with a P3-type structure has also been explored.
By analyzing many reports on lithium ion batteries referred to the sodium ion batteries.
In general, the structure of hard carbon materials changes along with K + intercalation.
The hard carbon anode was pasted on the loading chamber with a vacuum transfer function.
The radius of the sodium ion is 0.026 nm, which is greater than that of the lithium ion.
The sodium ions stored pl 1μ -FAU-ZTC and 10 nm-FAU-ZTC are 4.18 and 6.45, respectively.
Driven by this demand, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as an ideal alternative.
During sodium-ion insertion, Co 3 O 4 is directly converted into metallic Co and Li 2 O.
This setup consisted of glassy carbon electrode, membrane and sodium metal as reference.
However, several of these compounds have not been yet applied to Na-ion battery systems.
The structure should also contain larger channels to promote sodium ions' transmission .
Hard carbon is widely studied as a promising negative electrode in sodium-ion batteries.
A semiconducting ground state was also found in another theoretical study on α-NaMnO 2 .
This leads to a demand for optimal Na-ion anodes with high capacity and long cycle life.
An economical alternative to graphite as an anode material for SIBs is hard carbon (HC).
All precursors of hard carbon samples in this work were waste woods purchased on Taobao.
The rate capability of the Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 electrode is presented in Figure 2d.
The sodium-ion half-cell cycling performance, using an NVP cathode, is documented in Fig.
Since each material is stable at 400 °C, the epoxy-NASICON sample is stable until 400 °C.
The simulations are performed on the basis of two images of dried hard carbon electrodes.
Soft carbon has more local defects and exhibits higher sodium potential than hard carbon.
The hard carbon||NNCFM full cells are aged for 10 days at OCP before conducting the test.
HC ¼ hard carbon, Gr 26.4% 266.9 (HC) 20.8% 154.5 (Graph) 19.3% 136.3 (Graph) 23.4% Cond.
This statement may be used as a guide in the further development of sodium-ion batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) is a promising technology for next-generation energy storage.
Sodium metal cells were constructed using a Swagelok cell design (Supplementary Fig. 1b).
Similar peaks showing the formation of hard carbon were also observed in other cases 51 .
The diameter of the hard carbon electrode is 10 mm with a mass loading of ~0.9 mg cm -2 .
For this, additional coin cells were constructed using NFM111 and hard carbon electrodes.
Generally, a hard carbon derived from a given precursor preserves its natural morphology.
The resulting hard carbon samples are denoted GC1000, GC1300, GC1500, GC1700, and GC1900.
Synthesis of P3-type Na 2/3 Mg 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 Stoichiometric amounts of NaNO 3 (99.7%, J.
Even in extremely cold regions, the endurance of sodium-ion batteries is seldom affected.
This suggested that the smaller powders allowed a more rapid transformation into NASICON.
Hard carbon is one of the most promising anode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
A binary melt-spun alloy Fe-As has recently been tested as an SIB anode by Patel et al. .
Finally, uniform hollow structured Prussian blue particles are produced, as shown in Fig.
Organic quinones should be the main component of the active materials in SIB cathodes. 2.
Another stable oxide-based material is Na3Zr2Si2PO12 (Na super ionic conductor, NASICON).
Here, we explore the penetration of molten sodium into NaSICON at high current densities.
After the final etching, the C 1s peak of hard carbon is closer to the standard C-C bond.
Na-ion batteries have been considered promising candidates for stationary energy storage.
This means that the hard carbon kinetics and rate capability are detrimental to this step.
It has been proposed as sodium storage energy system by Winn et al. and by Newman et al. .
The annealed and dried black hard carbon was ground to produce fine powder denoted as PHC.
The Na hard carbon half-cell was tested in the potential range of 0.005-2.5 V vs Na + /Na.
In that case, we have a whole conclusion that SIB have less environmental impact than LIB.
The material has impressive sustained capacity as an SIB anode, as depicted in Figure 6B .
Therefore, P2-type Mn-based layered cathode materials can exhibit a high rate capability .
If the Na-ions are extracted further (x<0.5), the peak will shift to higher 29 angle (Fig.
The sodium storage mechanism of Pb 2 Fe(CN) 6 was further veried by ex situ XPS analysis.
SIB electrolyte will combine salts of similar nature and concentration -usually 1 M NaPF6.
In particular, the diffusion barrier of sodium ions in CrN 2 is the lowest, about 0.49 eV.
However, it is still much lower than that of the hard carbon obtained without GO addition.
In summary, hollow structured Prussian blue is produced through a novel and simple method.
In this paper, a structural design of the spherical hard carbon/graphite anode is studied.
However, sodium-ion batteries still lack large-scale application in the market at present.
Sodium-ion batteries are a promising battery technology for their cost and sustainability.
For Na-ion storage, the capacities of nano-Sb 2 S 3 and bulk Sb 2 S 3 anodes were similar.
Representative EDX maps confirming the Sn coating on a NaSICON substrate are shown in Fig.
NASICON is a sodium super ionic conductor that it could be as solid electrolyte batteries.
The value of b determines the nature of the sodium ion charge/discharge reaction mechanism.
In addition, a very important parameter of sodium-ion batteries is the interlayer distance.
The novel Mn 1+ /Mn 2+ redox couple enables MnHCMn to be an excellent Na-ion battery anode.
One primary challenge is the slow sodium ion kinetics in O3phase manganese-based materials.
Therefore, the results demonstrate strong evidence for its application in Na-ion batteries.
To mimic an SIB mode of operation, a solid-state half-cell was mounted as shown in Fig. 1a.
Figure 2 shows XRD pattern of the formed pellets, which confirm the NASICON-type structure.
The higher cell voltages relate to the lower plateau observed at B0.1 V for hard carbon vs.
The preparation procedures for the hard carbon (HC) and NaCrO 2 electrodes were as follows.
This demonstrates the practical applicability of S-1200 as an SIB anode material (Fig. 5e).
Whereas, the Q1, and R3 values is difficult to link to the sodium-ion diffusion resistance.
As shown in figure 1e, the reaction mechanism follows a two-electron/Na-ion redox reaction.
The effect of carbonization temperature on SIB performance was also investigated in detail.
The resulting total ionic conductivities of all NASICON compositions are listed in Table 3.
Sodium ion batteries are a promising candidate technology for bulk electrochemical storage.
As a result, more sodium ions can be extracted, thereby enhancing the material's capacity .
The monoclinic NASICONs can be regarded as an ordered version of rhombohedral NASICONs 73 .
The structure and principle of SIB are basically the same as that of lithium-ion batteries.
Among (0D) architectures, the spherical shape is particularly interesting for hard carbons.
However, as b approaches 1.0, the sodium storage process is dominated by pseudocapacitance.
Figure 5c-e illustrates the comprehensive sodium storage performance of the NMTN electrode.
Ionic liquid electrolytes are regarded as the next generation of sodium ionic electrolytes.
Prussian blue compounds are complexes formed by coordinating CN -and transition metal ions.
Hence, in the hard carbon samples with more oxygen content and oxygen surface defects (i.e.
Figure S18b demonstrates the excellent rate performance of the designed sodium-ion battery.
The cycle stability is further investigated with Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 half cells in Figure S3.
Since 2010, numerous novel electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries have been reported.
The sodium storage mechanism of bismuth materials can be divided into two reversible steps.
However, lower concentrations give comparable cycling performance in sodium-ion coin cells.
According to Eq. 3, the required annealing temperature of NaSICON should be 992 K (720 °C).
In this way, a stable and open structure hard carbon is formed with high specific activity.
In this paper, the sodium storage mechanism of SnS 2 is studied by in situ Raman technique.
Hence, CSEs have become a very active area of all-solid-state SIB research in recent years.
The phase space of the polyanion sodium cathode materials dataset is illustrated in Fig. 1.
More importantly, the sample showed good cycling stability when tested for a Na-ion battery.
Initially, we believe that the unmatched peaks correspond to the P2-type Na 0.67 MnO₂ phase.
Electrochemical measurements for Na-ion batteries were conducted using 2032-type coin cells.
However, most P2-type Na x TMO 2 are generally stable in the potential range of 2-4.1 V (vs.
In contrast, sodium-ion batteries use sodium, which is an abundant and inexpensive resource.
Therefore, in the design of sodium-ion batteries, the layer spacing will be a key parameter.
For hard carbons, the use of organic waste can be considered to be promising in this regard.
Huang et al. designed a hierarchical core-shell Bi 2 S 3 @Co 9 S 8 composite for SIB anodes.
These materials are also compatible with co-sintering alongside hard carbon anode materials.
Similar results were also observed in the study of Sc 3+ -and Sc 3+ /Yb 3+ -doped NASICONs .
Mg-doped vA-NASICON pellets were prepared using a typical solid-state reaction process (Fig.
Constructing a reasonable 3D architecture may be the future direction of hard carbon anodes.
Liang et al. (Fig. 1 e) successfully doped Sn and Cu towards the O3-type NaxTMO2 structure .
However, contradictory reports have arisen on its effect on the performance of hard carbons.
These results strongly support Na-ion storage based on the "adsorption-insertion" mechanism.
It indicates that the added hard carbon particles fill the voids between graphite particles.
Furthermore, an obvious difference between LIB and SIB tests is observed for the HT samples.
The third part is about the study of structure influence of MnHCF in organic Na-ion battery.
Komaba et al. 295 were the first to report the benefits of FEC addition in Na-ion batteries.
The characteristic behaviours of the different polymorphs are detailed below. 2.1.1 P2-type.
The counter anode was sodium metal, and the separator was glass fiber GF/F (Whatman) filter.
The TEM images (Fig. 1h andi) clearly reveal the hard carbon shells outside the t-BTO cores.
Comparison of electrochemical and thermal behavior of a Sn electrode in LIB and SIB systems.
In this paper, preparation of hard carbons has been performed from simple sucrose precursor.
In summary, copper plays a versatile and valuable role in sodium-ion battery cathode design.
A cross-sectional SEM image of the NASICON pellet sintered at 1100 ℃ is shown in Figure 3(b).
Lastly, the sodium storage mechanism of hollow micro-/nanostructured cathodes was introduced.
Symmetric full batteries of TiHCF in aqueous Na-ion/ K-ion/ Mg-ion electrolytes were studied.
The hard carbon particle shows an irregular shape with sharp edge in macroscopic (Fig. 1b-f).
The authors studied the electrochemical performance of this material in sodium-ion batteries.
A specific capacity of 90 mAh/g was achieved at 0.1 C, equaling 1.5 sodium ion contribution .
This represents one of the highest energy density sodium-ion cathodes with superior low-cost.
This same behavior was observed in the fifth and final interval in the SnNaSICONSn-1000 cell.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have similar reaction mechanism as lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) .
Its open-frame structure can easily accommodate sodium ions and ensure their rapid transport.
Before conducting the test, the hard carbon||NNCFM batteries are pre-aged for 10 days at OCP.
Hard carbons are considered a competitive candidate for achieving high ICE and fast charging.
The commercialization of sodium-ion batteries demands appropriate options of anode materials.
Hard carbons were synthesised using the two-step carbonisation process illustrated in Fig. 1.
On the other hand, many Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) have been reported as cathode for SIB.
In situ X-ray diffraction reveals the reversibility of the P2-type structure of the material.
The electrochemical performance of hard carbon (HC)||NLNFMB full cells was further evaluated.
For the cathodic side, this electrolyte enabled reversible plating/stripping of sodium metal.
Hard carbon (HC) is regarded as the most prospective anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
Pre-heating conditions were shown to control the pore structure in the resulting hard carbon.
The presented model is used to investigate pore emptying in real hard carbon microstructures.
One promising alternative that may fulfil these requirements is the sodium ion battery (SIB).
As a result, the Ti 4+ doped NASICON ceramics exhibit an improvement in overall conductivity.
The development of SIB electrolytes will be a driving force for the commercialization of SIBs.
Here, we identify alkaline earth metal vanadates as promising anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
These findings provide fundamental insights into the use of soft carbons for SIB applications.
Figure 1c further illustrates the proposed sodium storage mechanism of the 3D TiO 2 -G hybrid.
The presence of 5% FEC indicates some reduction in Na plating on the hard carbon surface (Fig.
CAMs must include an element that should be capable of alloying with Na-ions in its pure form.
In summary, we developed a highly ion-conductive vA-NASICON ceramic electrolyte via Mg doping.
The growth mode of sodium in hard carbon has previously been reported in the form of clusters.
The experimental spectrum of NASICON 2 (a sample without SiO 2 ) is comprised of two doublets.
Solid-state fabrication of SnS 2 /C nanospheres for high-performance sodium ion battery anode.
However, nding suitable anode materials for sodium ion batteries has plagued many scientists.
At this juncture, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as pragmatic alternatives to LIBs .
The voltage profile of the SIB is almost exactly the subtraction of the cathode and the anode.
The computed s for the LIB and SIB is 418 913 and 38 387, respectively, as illustrated in Fig.
MEOs have rarely been reported as positive electrode material for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
Sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) are emerging as promising devices for energy storage applications.
As a proof-of-concept, a full cell with rGO_2/CMC cathode and hard carbon anode was assembled.
A low discharge voltage below the Li-extraction potential leads to only the Na-ion extraction.
Therefore, the energy density of ASIBs is much less than that of organic sodium ion batteries.
Here, we perform a metastudy to investigate the octahedral tilting in Prussian blue analogues.
The cycling performances of TiHCF in Na-ion and Li-ion half cells are shown in Figure 45(a,b).
Accordingly, non-graphitic or hard carbon has been intensively studied and developed for SIBs.
During the first anodic scan, the removal of sodium ions from the HC is observed in two steps.
During charging, sodium ions are removed from the cathode material and electrons are released.
The particle size distribution of NaSICON powders prepared for PAD process is shown in Fig. 3.
Under GWP aspects, none of the SIB is able to compete with the LiNMC or even the LiFP battery.
Sodium metal and celgard 2400 were used as the negative electrode and separator, respectively.
The obtained values of h for sodium insertion were smaller than those of lithium at high rates.
Numerous approaches have been suggested to improve the performance of P2-type sodium compounds.
Sodium ion battery (SIB) has engage sustainable alternative on replacing lithium ion batteries.
The average Li plating reversibility of the hard carbon anode can retain 99.8% over 250 cycles.
During charge, Na-ions are removed from the structure and Fe in the framework becomes oxidized.
Nonetheless, they might not be the most efficient way to advance sodium-ion battery technology.
It thus emerges as a strong SSE candidate for current and future sodium-ion battery technology.
Sodium metal was used as the counter and reference electrode, and GF/C was used as a separator.
Herein we report a study on the energetics of ion transport in NASICON-type solid electrolytes.
The Mn 2p spectra (Figure 8a) show the surface changes on the electrode Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2.
The electrochemical performance of the Na-ion half-cell was tested in the 2032-type coin cells.
Z w is the Warburg impedance related the diffusion of sodium ions into the bulk electrodes 43 .
Metallic Na was used as an anode for half cells and hard carbon (HC) electrodes for full cells.
Na + /Na (corresponding to 2.0 V vs. the potential of the Prussian blue reference), see Fig. 1.
It is believed that sodium ions rst adsorb on the hard carbon surface at 0.2 V < E < 1.0 V vs.
It is significantly higher than the residual Na in hard carbons after immersing (less than 1%).
Among them, NASICON-type materials have been widely developed as prospective cathodes for NIBs.
The black carbonized material was ground to produce fine powder of hard carbon, denoted as SHC.
This bottleneck is one of the reasons why the sodium storage mechanisms are still under debate.
Na-ion cells were cycled at a current rate of 100 mA g -1 in the potential range of 0.02-2.5 V.
The layered structure of these types of materials allows sodium ions to intercalate reversibly.
So, Na-ion batteries (NIBs) have been regarded as a potential alternative to Li-ion batteries .
A few SIB alternatives also pose physical hazards such as NaFePO 4 , NaMnO 2 and Na 2 FeSiO 4 .
The electrochemical sodium storage characteristics of the RF carbons were previously reported .
There are abundant sodium storage sites and unique large and uniform closed pores in BHC-Zn-41.
Coal is a premium carbon material precursor as anode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
Besides, this review suggests ion-doping in P2-type other than O3-type to gain decent kinetics.
The presence of an inorganic-rich SEI layer greatly improves the performance of sodium storage.
The sodium storage behavior involved a capacitive mechanism that demonstrated a high potential.
The overpotential profile and EIS spectra for the SnNaSICONSn-500 cell are shown in Figure 4ab.
The sodium ion-migration activation energy was calculated from the slope of the Arrhenius plot.
Overall, increasing the preparation temperature improved sodium insertion/extraction up 950 °C.
A comparison of the performance of the PHC1400 with different hard carbons is shown in Table 3.
Sodium layered oxides mainly involve two thermodynamic polymorphs, namely P2-and O3type phases.
In 2021, Peters et al. 30 presented the most comprehensive LCA on various SIB cell chemistries.
This work provides profound guidance for the structural design of future hard carbon materials.
To deal with such tasks, selecting proper biomass resources of hard carbon should be important.
These findings highlight the structural robustness with higher potential of Ge as an SIB anode.
On this basis, the diffusion coefficients of sodium ions (D Na+ ) were calculated in Fig. 4g,h.
The voltage profiles during unidirectional galvanostatic testing for both the NaSICON S1 andS2.
The b-value served as an indicator of the relative contribution of the Na-ion storage mechanism.
In particular, the role of synthesis on the morphology control of Na-ion LTMOs will be examined.
In sodium-ion batteries, however, the sodiation-desodiation mechanism of TiO 2 is still unclear.
The workflow for NASICON electrode prediction, as depicted in Fig. 1, was meticulously executed.
For the hard carbons, the use of organic waste can be considered to be promising in this regard.
The working electrode was a HC or NaCrO 2 electrode, and the counter electrode was sodium metal.
Here, we propose ReN2 monolayer as a superior two-dimensional material for sodium-ion batteries.
These electrodes were used for evaluating the electrochemical performance of LIB and SIB anodes.
Furthermore, Li et al. 149 synthesised hard carbon with a (3D) macroporous morphology from cork.
The amount of the NaSICON phase in each powder derived by Rietveld analysis is shown in Fig. 2b.
Then, the sodium ion storage properties of the PN-CFs, as anode materials, were studied in SIBs.
The CV curves at various scan rates were recorded to analyze the Na-ion diffusion behavior (Fig.
The ionic conductivity after epoxy treated NASICON pellet is determined to be 1.45 × 10 -4 S/cm.
Thanks to the abundance of sodium resources, the cost of sodium-ion batteries is more effective.
The voltage profiles and EIS spectra of the Na|NaSICON|Na symmetric cells are shown in Figure 1.
The typical galvanostatic curve of hard carbon include two parts, the sloping region (>0.1 V vs.
There is no doubt that carbon materials have become the foremost choices as SIB anode materials.
The performance in full-cell devices is discussed along with the SIB prototypes and enterprises.
Compared to hard carbon, theoretically, alloys and metal oxides could deliver higher capacities.
This design can be realized by the superior chemical stability of Nasicon SE in ambient air 20 .
The XRD diagrams showed that the hard carbon from olive pomace presents two peaks at 24°and 43°.
X-ray diffraction (XRD) analysis conrms the typical P2-type layered structure with high purity.
Preheating did, however, affect the de-insertion of sodium ions from disordered graphene layers.
Finally, the quasi-solid-state FARSIB was fabricated by twisting the cathode and anode together.
Thus, CrN 2 as an electrode material of sodium-ion battery boasts satisfactory rate performance.
For O3-type structures, the solubility of copper is general less than that in P-type structures.
Nonetheless, the electrolyte in hard carbons, the signal shows a notable increase in peak width.
The nano-sized particles also facilitate fast sodium-ion diffusion, enhancing rate performance .
Our approach is an economical and scalable method to obtain S-doped carbon for SIB applications.
The Na storage mechanism into hard carbon is still controversial and under debate 43, 274- 279 .
Other polymers, such as polyaniline (PANI), have also been used to obtain hard carbon materials.
As sodium ions enter these pores, they increase the electron density within the confined spaces.
Na and Li metals were used as counter electrodes for Na-ion and Li-ion half-cells, respectively.
Performances of cathode materials for Na-ion batteries were evaluated in CR2025 type coin cells.
It is obvious that the NVPF@C grains are too large for the fast insertion/extraction of Na-ions.
The sheet was further cut into 12 mm discs to work as cathode in both LIB and SIB configurations.
Recently, a novel approach to improve the performance of alloying SIB anode has been highlighted.
Wang et al. have designed a novel composite (MoSe 2 /SnSe 2 @C) showing promise as an SIB anode .
In the SIB anode, the material retained a capacity of 174.5 mAh g -1 after 1,000 cycles (CE 62%).
The electrochemical performance of hard carbons was measured in three-electrode Swagelok T-cells.
The Na-ion migration pathway and energy barriers in Na3MCl6 were predicted using the BVSE method.
In conclusion, the future research emphasis will be on cathode materials in sodium-ion batteries.
Thus, NYZC has a smaller contact area with NASICON, resulting in a larger interfacial resistance.
The Nyquist plots of the bulk grain-boundary resistivity of NYZC are similar to those of NASICON.
The volumetric heat transfer coefficient for Na-ion battery powder is attempted to be determined.
The large difference in the electrochemical properties of NASICON 1 and NASICON 2 has its reason.
Furthermore, the rate performance of mesoporous hard carbon is also improved by addition of CNTs.
The conversion reaction mechanism of metal oxides are not yet fully understood in Na-ion systems.
Thus, the degree of disorder in the hard carbon decreased with the addition of a preheating step.
Used as SIB anodes, FeP@NC delivered a capacity of 374 mAh g -1 over 2,000 cycles at 0.5 A g -1 .
The Nyquist curves of titanium and zinc doped NASICON at 0-5 %mol addition are shown in Figure 5.
Based on this, the thickness of epoxy-NASICON was reduced, and the actual resistance is measured.
However, for Nadeficient LTMOs (Na < 0.75), the Na-ion is too large to occupy a tetrahedral site.
Therefore, there is no need for any extra sodium-ions to obtain charge neutrality in this sample.
In the last 2 years of PhD studies I will continue researching Li-and Na-ion electrode materials.
This new carbon composite strategy based on MOF opens the way for SIB conversion anode materials.
The existence of a twin structure accelerates the diffusion of sodium ions along different paths.
The NASICON-type Na 3 Fe 0.8 V 1.2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C is a promising material for sodium-ion batteries.
The fabrication procedure of the quasi-solid-state FARSIB is schematically represented in Fig. 1.
Shen et al. have newly proposed a Sb-Co-P alloying anode showing superior SIB anode performance .
As a result, P2-type layered oxides generally show better rate performance and cyclic stability .
For hard carbon, the typical voltage profile can be divided into a sloping region above 0.1 V vs.
Wu et al. studied in detail the effect of the chemical composition of hard carbon precursors 83 .
According to the structure, it is consisted of soft carbon, hard carbon and nanocarbon materials.
Simultaneously, the lattice fringe of Mn disappears, demonstrating the Na-ion extraction process.
The reason may be that impurities occupy some active sites impeding sodium ion insertion process.
Their electrochemical behavior should make the understanding of sodium storage mechanisms easier.
Therefore, TGA is a tool that is often employed in the characterization of Na-ion LTMO synthesis.
In Fig. 3, the activation energies for Na-ion hopping obtained by the SoBV soware are reported.
These types of cathodes are especially important for highpower SIB devices for real applications.
Precursor materials required for NASICON solid electrolyte powder synthesis were used as follows.
The insertion of sodium ions into the composite is conrmed by EDS results for sodium in Fig. 4c.
These adaptabilities have let a paradigm focus on SIB advancements for next-generation batteries.
Figure 3D shows the computed energy profiles for the sodium ion diffusion paths discussed above .
The Chinese manufacturer HiNa utilizes O3-type layered oxides mainly formed out of Cu, Fe and Mn.
The relatively heavy framework of typical NASICON compound lowers its gravimetric energy density.
Yet sodium diffusion is predicted to be insufficiently fast for facile kinetics of Na-ion intake.
Thus millions of organic materials have been reported and many of them able to store sodium ions.
In Fig. 5c, the capacitive process contributes 63.0% of total sodium-ion storage at 0.4 mV s -1 .
The chemical current sources based on sodium ions are considered as alternative current sources .
In this method, a NASICON solid electrolyte is partially sintered to form ion transport channels.
Finally, Chen's team proposed another sodium superion conductor (NASICON) structure: Na3V2(PO4)3.
Technically, we demonstrate a Na-ion battery full cell with superior rate and cycling performance.
The symmetric Na-ion full-cell was fabricated using NVP-F 0.15 as both cathode and anode material.
Thus, those compounds which have open framework are more suitable for the transmission of Na-ions.
The O3-type layered oxide represents a highly promising candidate for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
For the first time, the cathode properties of these compounds were evaluated for Na-ion batteries.
Doping at Na site expands diffusion channels for sodium ions, facilitating better ionic transport.
We show factors that enhance the ionic conductivity for layered Na-ion cathode materials Figure 6.
During the discharge process, sodium ions rst adsorb onto the surface and defects of hard carbon.
Anode-free sodium-ion batteries differ from traditional sodium ion batteries in the anode process.
All the hard carbon samples at different temperature exhibit a typical amorphous carbon structure.
By constructing hollow micro-/nanostructures, excellent sodium storage capability can be achieved.
The ion-transfer resistance at the NASICON/NaCBH interface was not confirmed by the Nyquist plots.
Spinel based transition metal oxide -FeV 2 O 4 is applied as a novel anode for sodium-ion battery.
We have synthesized P2-structured Na0.66Ni0.25Mn0.75O2 (NNMO) material with and without Li doping.
The Na 2 TP@GE hybrid is a promising organic hybrid material for highperformance Na-ion batteries.
Thus, a hard carbon with low impacts should be favoured, for example from organic waste materials.
Electrode studies on Na-ion cells can be divided into two main parts: cathode and anode materials.
But after 100 cycles, the sodium storage capacity of the samples still remains at 250.2 mAh g -1 .
A potential Bi nanosheet array on CNTs for an SIB anode has been recently reported by Liu et al. .
The best performing samples are subjected to GCD analysis with respect to sodium metal (Na/Na + ).
For example, Li. et al. developed hard carbons with different N2 SSAs, from pitch and lignin 119 .
For hard carbon (HC) electrodes: HC powder was provided by Kuraray Co., Ltd. and used as received.
In addition, Prussian blue analogs are proposed as a sodium supplement for full cell applications.
Sodium metal acted as the counter and reference electrode, Celgard 2400 membrane as the separator.
Small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) can complement the analysis of the hard carbon microstructure.
Here, we present an innovating approach for elaborating hard carbon from simple sucrose precursor.
However, the same space can only provide a theoretical capacity of 35 mAh•g -1 for sodium ions 4 .
To avoid the aggregation of Prussian blue analog NPs, the adding procedure was performed dropwise.
The higher sodium insertion contents can be attributed to the storage on both sides of RGO layers.
The overpotential profile and EIS spectra from the SnNaSICONSn-1000 cell are shown in Figure 4c-d.
Ragone plots of our device and other Na-ion full cells in the literature are displayed in Fig. 6h.
Hard carbon derived from corncobs (CC@1400 °C) showed stable sodiation capacities over 100 cycles.
X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns of the successfully synthesized NASICONs are presented in Fig. 2.
Higher capacity retention is achieved with increasing sodium-ion concentration in the electrolyte.
The Na-ion migration pathway in Na3MCl6 was predicted using the BVSE method, as shown in Figure 4.
In 1983, NaTiO 2 was first investigated as an electrode for sodium ion batteries by Maazaz et al. .
Both factors facilitate the extremely small specific surface area of the final hard carbon product.
Sodium-ion batteries have inherent advantages, such as low production costs and abundant resources.
As shown in Figure 4b, G-HC also exhibits similar characteristic potential profiles of hard carbon.
Presodiation at a certain level in both anode and cathodes is known to augment the SIB performance.
There are two sodium ions per formula unit distributed among six sodium ion sites in the P 1 phase.
The epoxy-NASICON sample after epoxy treatment has an average bending strength of 35 MPa (± 5 MPa).
Glass fiber served as a separator, and a fresh sodium metal disk was used as the counter electrode.
Our research provides a promising candidate for application in SIB cathode materials in the future.
Glass ber (GF/D Whatman) and pure sodium metal were used as the separator and anode, respectively.
In earlier studies, these two distinct regions are assigned to different sodium storage mechanisms.
The redox couple of manganese (I/II) in Prussian blue analogs enables a high-rate and stable anode.
For this reason, the O3-type RAHC is able to retain its high capacity throughout extensive cycling.
Na + /Na, associated with sodium insertion/deinsertion from hard carbon, increases after 50 cycles.
S1. † It can be observed that all the structures were able to preserve the NASICON characteristics.
The energy density [Wh L À1 ] of most SIB cells remains lower, most pronounced for PBA-based cells.
However, vanadium is relatively expensive, which defeats the purpose of using sodium-ion batteries.
S3c andd †) reveal that the formed SEI creates a distinct surface lm on the hard carbon particles.
Moreover, the applicability of such hard carbon compounds as anode materials for SIBs was verified.
Obviously the CNTs addition also doesn't change the surface area and pore structure of hard carbon.
The ML-DFT model predicted three NASICON-type cathodes, including NMVAP, NMVFP, and NMVTP for SIBs.
The same conditions were used to test the cycling stability of the hard carbon anode after resting.
During electrochemical cycling, both P2-and O3-types undergo phase transitions by MO 2 slabgliding.
Here we present the properties of P3-type Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 synthesized under both air and oxygen.
Hard carbon consists mainly of single graphene layers randomly packed in a disordered arrangement .
Xiao et al. studied the changes in the structure of Na2FeMn(CN)6 cathode upon sodium intercalation.
The data can be used in models being developed to predict aging behavior and lifespan of SIB cells.
It is therefore expected that SL may serve as a safety-enhancing agent in sodium-ion battery (SIB).
The intercalation system is lacking in the sodium ion batteries than that of lithium ion batteries.
Na-birnessite is a promising low-cost positive electrode material for aqueous sodium-ion batteries.
A NASICON-type Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 is one of the most potential cathode material for Na-ion storage.
The main factors influencing sodium ion migration are solvation effects and electric field driving.
Structural stability poses a challenge for Prussian blue analogs, despite the high ion conductivity.
Sodium metal foils and glass fiber were used as the counter electrodes and separators, respectively.
Owing to its stability advantages, efforts have been made to use NASICON in solid-state NIB systems.
Hard carbons have shown considerable promise as anodes for emerging sodium-ion battery technologies.
Research has rapidly identified viable cathodes and anodes able for reversible sodium intercalation.
The quantity of sodium ions transferred is directly proportional to the battery's charging capacity.
The sodium storage performances of as-prepared samples were investigated in ester-based electrolyte.
This suggests the disappearance of original O3-type phase and the emergence of a new P3-type phase .
Na0.55 exhibits a flat interface as well as a complete O3 phase structure over a wide voltage range.
In a recent reference 61 bio-derived hard carbon nanosheets found application in sodium ion battery.
To meet the huge demand for hard carbon anodes, lignocellulose should be produced in a large amount.
Notably, the electrochemical performance of hard carbon is highly dependent on the electrolyte used.
During discharge, sodium ions escape from the negative electrode material and enter the electrolyte.
Therefore, in the future, researchers can use P2-type for generating batter rate capability results.
Long-term stability and high-rate capability have been the major challenges of sodium-ion batteries.
The hard carbon produced under nitrogen (HC-N 2 ) delivered an oxidation capacity of 284 mA h g À1 .
During the sodium ion embedded process the single bond becomes double bond due to oxidation process.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are emerging power sources for the replacement of lithium-ion batteries.
Both LIB use LiFP 6 in DMC (dimethylcarbonate) as electrolyte, and the SIB NaPF 6 , correspondingly.
Obviously, the D Na+ of VS 4 electrodes increase in first few cycles and decrease after 10th cycles.
The OCV voltage j is calculated as: where e 0 (eV) is the reference potential of the hard carbon vs.
Due to the readily available properties of sodium metal, it has similar chemical properties to LIBs.
All these features can undoubtedly contribute to the reversible insertion/extraction of sodium ions.
The counter electrode was a sodium metal foil and the separator was a Whatman glass microber paper.
NaCrO 2 with high rate-capability is an attractive cathode material for sodium-ion batteries (NIBs).
Hard carbon derived from fossil products is widely used as anode material for lithium-ion batteries.
The pristine Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 shows no obvious exothermic peaks, indicating good thermal stability.
In addition, Na-ion storage in HCs is still controversial, and no consensus has been found thus far.
The biomass-derived hard carbons have large interlayer space which is suitable for Na-ion insertion.
In this context, we have focused on the high cell voltage cathode material for sodium ion batteries.
Hierarchical core-shell structures also have great potential in sodium-ion hybrid capacitors (SIHCs).
For example, C-, N-doped titanium dioxide (TiO 2 ) can exhibit a remarkable sodium storage capacity .
Meanwhile, SAXS tests of the pristine and discharged hard carbon electrodes were also employed 4,33 .
In a layered structure, only the prismatic surface is available for sodium-ion (de)intercalation 56 .
However, the solid carbonates cannot shuttle, and the olefin gases cannot react with the hard carbon.
Before we investigate the drying of two hard carbon anode structures for sodium-ion batteries in Sec.
Taken into account the much lower technological maturity of SIB compared to LIB, this seems possible.
Un-doped hard carbon suspension was prepared with same method without adding a dopant acid precursor.
However, there has been relatively little exploration of this technique in the field of Na-ion LTMOs.
This is due to the steric limitation as the 1.5 Na-ions still occupy the 4e sites (occupancy: 0.375).
As explained before, it is important not to compare the SIB CAM with LIB state-of-the-art technology.
This work provides a novel closed-pore/ pseudographite synergy strategy for fast-charging SIB anodes.
It should be noted that The red and yellow balls represent oxygen ions and sodium ions, respectively.
Therefore, it is significant to deeply examine the energy storage mechanism of hard carbon materials.
The storage voltage is high for organic sodium-ion batteries, but suitable for aqueous ion batteries.
Therefore, designing novel electrolyte systems has become a crucial step in advancing SIB technology.
Aer being dried at 80 °C for 24 h, the nal product, DAP-mediated hard carbon, is denoted as DAP-HC.
Electrochemical kinetics tests were performed for Na0.55 and Na1 (Supplementary Fig. 14 and Fig. 2f).
A sodium-ion full cell was constructed using an air-tight threeelectrode cell (Hohsen Corp.; see Fig.
However, the investigation of vanadium-based materials has been ignored in the context of SIB anodes.
The current anode materials greatly restrict the electrochemical performance of sodium-ion batteries.
Besides that, the battery energy density could be maximized by using high capacity hard carbon anode.
Our results suggest that PHC is a promising anode material for practical large-scale SIB application.
Correction for 'Sodium cluster-driven safety concerns of sodium-ion batteries' by Jiaping Niu et al.,
Doping shell is a realizable and efficient modification method to improve sodium storage performance.
These results have motivated us to focus on the study of sodium-ion diffusion along diffusion path 1.
Raman spectra yielded additional information on the structural properties of the hard carbon surface.
With more advanced technical methods, the sodium storage mechanisms have been investigated in detail.
In evaluating the conductivity in this NASICON family, let us first focus on the activation enthalpy.
In addition, they proposed a more practical strategy to boost the sodium storage performance of NVCP.
The assynthesized anode material exhibited excellent electrochemical properties for Na-ion insertion.
These ndings pave the way for the design and development of next-generation Na-ion battery cathodes.
Normally, when b = 0.5, the electrochemical sodium storage reaction is controlled by ionic diffusion.
PAD films of NaSICON are approximately 10 lm thick and highly dense with a crack-free microstructure.
The remaining SIB show values only slightly higher (between 11 and 27%) than those of the LiNMC cell.
Herein, we propose a new cellulose-polyacrylonitrile-alumina composite as a SIB separator (Scheme 1).
Morikawa et al. 47 performed SAXS of hard carbon synthesized at different carbonization temperatures.
Thus, the material shows superior sodium storage ability, excellent rate, and long-cycle performance.
The P2-type layered structure is consistent with XRD refinement, as depicted in Supplementary Table 5.
The more efficient storage of sodium ions with a large fraction of capacity achieved around 0.1 V (vs.
TiS 2 has been investigated as an anode material for sodium ion battery for similar reasons as TiO 2 .
In addition, the P3-type structure shows an extremely low lattice strain in desodiation and sodiation.
Various transition metal materials can achieve high capacity by an alloying reaction with sodium ions.
The practicality of the optimized sample was validated in both Na-ion full cells and anode-free cells.
In conclusion, ionic liquid with concentrated sodium ion will realize high-power sodium-ion batteries.
In addition, their compatibility with the SOA SIB anode material, hard carbon (HC), was also compared.
The P2-type layered structure is verified again, which is consistent with the HRPD refinement results.
Finally, a qualitative comparison and final hazard risk are present for the different SIB and LIB CAM.
However, sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) have attracted much attention as a potential substitute to LIBs .
These results suggest that NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C is a promising anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
The influence of carbonization temperature on the microstructure of hard carbon was also investigated.
Supplementary Fig. 8 clearly illustrates the pre-desolvation achieved by the nanopore of hard carbons.
In realizing practical sodium-ion batteries, discovery and development of novel cathodes is essential.
Co percentage is appeared in a wide region in the triangle and also decreases near Na(Na0.33Mn0.66)O2.
Among anode candidate materials, hard carbon is very attractive due to its high capacity and low cost.
The corresponding computed migration energy barriers for sodium-ion diffusion are shown in Figure 3E .
These results indicate that the BT electrode is stable during the sodium insertion/extraction process.
A strong cathodic peak at 0.01 V indicates that sodium ions have been inserted into the carbon matrix.
In addition, the properties of hard carbon are well known to have a strong influence on the SEI layer.
A slight blue shi during sodiation occurred, which might be due to the large size of the sodium ions.
Such excellent cycling performance is superior to recently reported hard carbon full cells (Table S4).
However, in order to achieve better performance, the O3-type material is still needed to be optimized.
Na/Na + ) for O3-type positive electrode and hard carbon electrode, respectively, at room temperature.
Heteroatom doping is considered as an effective strategy to improve the sodium storage capacity of HC.
All four SIB types obtain ADP values of between 71% (NaNMMT) to 83% (NaMMO) lower than the LiNMC cell.
Therefore, a consensus on one absolute Na storage mechanism in hard carbons appears hardly achievable.
The hard carbon electrode had a mass loading of 8.0 mg cm -2 and an electrode density of 1.0 g cc -1 .
Corncobs derived hard carbon was synthesized by direct pyrolysis method as per the earlier report 47 .
This article provides a new perspective or idea for solving the problem of sodium-ion battery cathode.
Moreover, symmetric solid-state sodium-ion battery demonstrated stable cyclability as shown in Fig. 2A.
Sodium-ion batteries represent a sustainable and cost-effective solution for grid-scale energy storage.
The elemental map of Na can be ascribed to the sodium ions being adsorbed via chemical redox reactions.
Hard-carbon is considered as one of the most promising anode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
The plane-wave cut off was set to 500 eV based on convergence tests using a primitive cell of NaCoO 2 .
Here we investigate P2-Na 0.78 Co 1/2 Mn 1/3 Ni 1/6 O 2 as a cathode material for sodium ion batteries.
The most common anode material for these systems is a disordered form of graphite known as hard carbon.
In the coin full cell, the anode film consisted of 95 wt.% hard carbon and 5 wt.% sodium alginate (SA).
Consequently, non-graphitizable carbon has emerged as a viable and advantageous option for SIB anodes .
BT demonstrates superior cycling and rate performance in sodium-ion half-cells compared with PT and BP.
Inserting additional sodium ions into Si 24 structures would be a good strategy to mitigate this issue.
The polyanion sodium vanadium phosphate Na3V2 (PO4)3 is a sodium ion superconductor (NASICON) material.
The substitution of charge carriers by sodium ions ensures the natural abundance of material resources.
At the same time, the reaction kinetics of sodium ions are slower because of their larger ionic radius.
In this study, hemp hurd waste (WHH) was used as a raw material for the production of hard carbon (HC).
Na-ion batteries are emerging as potential alternatives to existing lithium based battery technologies.
Chen's group designed a novel aqueous sodium-ion hybrid battery with Na + and ClO 4 -ions as carriers .
SIB electrolytes are primarily categorized into liquid, solid-liquid composite, and solid electrolytes.
As the discharge reaches 0.1 V, sodium ions begin to ll the pores, resulting in an increase in D Na +.
Therefore, various studies were conducted to improve the ionic conductivities of the NASICON compounds.
Recently, Wang et al. demonstrated a 1.3 Ah pack cell using a P2-type cathode and a hard carbon anode .
However, when the NVPF is cycled up to 4.8 V, a third sodium ion can also be extracted at nearly 4.7 V.
The three materials were investigated as mixtures with KURANODE™ Type 2 Hard Carbon (HC) (d 50 = 5 mm).
Galvanostatic charge and discharge curves for the first cycle for Na-ion (e) and Li-ion (f) half-cells.
Layered metal oxides, such as NaMnO₂, represent a class of cathode materials with considerable promise.
Herein, we use the "unique" electrode of O3-type Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 simultaneously as cathode and anode.
Note that, this portion of Na + is irreversibly inserted since the hard carbon is in the charged state.
Na-ion batteries (NIBs) are catching up with Li-ion batteries (LIBs) with regards to commercialization.
All NMMF samples can be well indexed to the P2-type layered structure with a space group of P63/ mmc. .
A schematic illustration of the structure model of O3-type Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 is presented in Figure 2b.
The inorganic-rich and thinner SEI structure impacted the kinetics of sodium ion transport and storage.
In this study, highly decomposed Estonian peat was used as a precursor for the synthesis of hard carbon.
The development of 3D architecture construction strategies will be essential to future SIB applications.
The migration behavior of Ni in the Na0.55 and Na1 structures was simulated using BVPA in initial model.
This requires more energy than the two-step sodium storage reactions of PT (À1.35 eV and À0.47 eV) (Fig.
Both Al and Cu can be used as current collectors for SIB anodes, because Al does not react with Na ions.
This indicates no improvement to the contact area between the Na and the NaSICON during battery cycling.
Grain resistance and grain boundary resistance make to the total resistance for the NASICON electrolyte.
Also, the fading of the PRC at higher current density is due to poor Na-ion kinetics at a lower voltage.
In order to overcome the drawbacks in the lithium ion batteries, the sodium ion batteries are in action.
The initial coulombic efficiency is as high as 80.1%, which has an advantage in sodium-ion semi battery.
Sodium-ion batteries are emerging as a sustainable solution to tackle the growing global energy demands.
The excellent Na-ion storage properties of these nanofibers are attributed to this structural stability.
The development of sodium-ion batteries will become a major trend in the future of the battery industry.
In the meantime, B-doping could enhance Na-ion diffusion kinetics, resulting in a good rate performance.
Particularly important in the context of this work, is the formulation of sodium intercalation dynamics.
Hard carbons show considerable potential as anode materials in emerging sodium-ion battery technologies.
Sodium layered oxide cathode The research area of this article is about layered cathode oxide materials.
A slurry of hard carbon, Super P, and PVDF was prepared and cast onto copper foil to form the electrode.
The X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) was applied to analyze the surface of hard carbon electrodes.
Reasonably, the increased interlayer distance allowed sodium ion intercalation between graphenic planes.
To prevent sodium and phosphorus evaporation, pellets are covered with NASICON powders during sintering.
Also, the rate performance is low caused by the larger ionic size and slower kinetics of sodium ions 5 .
By using this analysis, we can determine the proportion of each mechanism in the sodium storage process.
The organic electrodes are eco-friendly and thus developed the green technology in sodium ion batteries.
Figure 2d shows the rate performance of Na0.55 and Na1 from 0.1 C (12 mA g -1 ) to 10 C (1200 mA g -1 ).
By LPS test, the particle size distributions of graphite and spherical hard carbon are shown in Table 1.
The synthesis of hard carbon from starch was carried out by a simple procedure which involved two steps.
The pure O3-type material also exhibits a higher capacity than the P2-type material aer the 76th cycle.
Baumann et al. 178 screened 42 different SIB CAMs, among others regarding CF, providing a broad overview.
The study also demonstrates the impact of 2H and 1T phases of MoS 2 on eld emission and SIB performance.
Huang et al. 79 reported the four-stage mechanism model for 3-D hierarchical porous hard carbon for SIBs.
The basis of all three models is the material input, which is based on the reviewed SIB active materials.
In O3-type layered oxides, the sodium-ion octahedra share edges with the transition metal (TM) octahedra.
All SIB active materials have been assessed based on industry-scale data, including processing materials.
However, hard carbon anodes often suffer a low first-cycle Coulombic efficiency and fast capacity fading.
Whereas for sodium-ion batteries, the organic electrolyte was composed of 1M NaPF 6 dissolved in diglyme.
Single Zn atom (0.73 wt%)-doping hard carbon can yield a local electric field favoring the Na + transfer.
A lower barrier enhances sodium-ion kinetics, thereby supporting faster charging of sodium-ion batteries.
Moreover, we investigate the effects of vacant-site and Na-ion contents on SEs' ion transport capability.
However, for the rest of samples with hard carbon, the cyclic capacity retentions are obviously improved.
The former is an AB battery pack solution that integrates sodium-ion and lithium-ion cells into one pack.
The Na-ion full cell was assembled using hard carbon as the negative and NNCFM as the positive electrode.
Moreover, it can provide information on Na-ion diffusion as a function of the Mg content and temperature.
These deconvoluted design criteria may provide guidelines for the design of optimized NASICON conductors.
Sodium metal on aluminum foil served as the counter electrode, and a Celgard 3501 separator was employed.
Herein, it is demonstrated how different sodium-ion battery electrolyte solutions affect this phenomenon.
The organic electrodes have more advantages over inorganic electrodes in the sodium ion batteries (SIBs).
These structures suggest that heat treatment would yield hard carbon with a high degree of carbonization.
This behavior aligns with previous studies on Na-ion intercalation limitations as illustrated in Table 3.
A similar structure of triplite-type NaFeSO 4 F was also investigated for its sodium storage properties .
For the commercialized hard carbon anode, poor rate performance and ICE are urgent problems to be solved.
Ni et al. reported a S and N co-doped mesoporous carbon sphere for high-performance SIB anode materials .
More recently, they have developed a Na3MnZr (PO4)3 SIB cathode material with a higher voltage platform .
This study introduces a deep-learning-based approach to efficiently evaluate ion-doped NASICON materials.
The conductivity of active material is very important to Na-ion intercalation/de-intercalation processes.
The low voltage (<0.1 V) redox couple could be ascribed to insertion of Na-ions in the conductive carbon.
Among the cathode materials of SIBs, Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 is concerned widely due to its NASICON structure.
NASICON was used as the solid electrolyte, and Na metal (Sigma-Aldrich) was used as the counter electrode.
Long cyclic stability tests were carried out for Na0.55, Na0.65, and Na1 at different potential intervals.
Furthermore, ZnSe@NCNF 227 and FeSe 2 /rGO 228 demonstrated stable sodium storage at extreme temperatures.
With such considerations, all our calculations and analysis were only performed for rhombohedral NASICONs.
The distinguishing feature of NASICONs, Na 3 -Fe 0.8 V 1.2 (PO 4 ) 3 , is the presence of "lantern" units.
In order to improve its sodium storage performance, an important strategy is to increase its conductivity.
Electrochemical testing was used to verify the effect of structural changes on sodium storage performance.
Large-scale stationary storage forms a key sector that can be economically served by sodium-ion batteries.
The typical evolution of a sodium-ion battery behavior under ball indentation is illustrated in Fig. 4(a).
These ndings explain the differences in the behaviour of Mo 2 TiC 2 in the Li and Na-ion battery systems.
While in the O3-type NaxTMO2, the phase transition usually comes from the unstable structure of O3 itself.
The elaborate study of storage mechanisms in hard carbon by surface analysis is significantly challenging.
This storage voltage is higher than the sodium metal deposition voltage, making it safer than hard carbon.
However, limited kinds of materials can be used for anodes for insertion-type sodium ion batteries (SIBs).
Na-ion batteries The processes of thermal runaways in SIBs (at Least in NTM) are very similar to the LIBs.
In 2010, groundbreaking progress was made in the research of two-level materials for sodium-ion batteries.
However, unlike many studies on the H-NASICONs, only a few studies have been conducted on the vA-NASICONs.
It implies all sodium ions are essentially extracted from the lattice (theoretical capacity of 194 mAh/g).
The loading mass of HE-K-PBA and hard carbon on the electrodes were 1-2 and 1-1.5 mg cm -2 , respectively.
Further, the Na-ion diffusion prole and their diffusion path are presented in Fig. 4d ande, respectively.
The main factors impacting SEI formation on hard carbon in NIBs have been barely studied compared to LIBs.
The fragments of the Na 2 Fe 1.5 Nb 0.5 (PO 4 ) 3 structure (NASICON type structure) are shown in Fig. 4a.
To evaluate their electrochemical behavior, electrolytes have been tested in Na/NASICON/FePO 4 coin cells.
Recently, we have tested an MOF-derived mesoporous carbon composite of Sb along with SiOC as an SIB anode.
As an SIB anode, NC-FeSe 2 achieved a reversible capacity of 520.4 mA h g -1 over 100 cycles at 1 A g -1 .
The desodiation curve, with its high-voltage end, shows the amount of reversibly intercalated sodium ions.
We hope to provide new design ideas or solutions to advance the commercialization of sodium ion batteries.
Subsequently, a coin-type full cell was fabricated with PBAs-NMT10 (1:2.52) cathode and hard carbon anode.
These results indicate that the synthesized Sb-PMA is a promising anode material for sodium ion batteries.
Ex situ NMR measurements were performed on hard carbon powder material, assembled in a Swagelok type cell.
Thus sodium insertion/extraction processes in RGO cathode are analogous to those of sodium-ion capacitors.
When the final sintering temperature is 900 ℃, the sinterability of the NASICON powder starts to increase.
The strong Cu-O covalent bonding was also demonstrated in the P2-type Na 0.8 Cu 0.22 Li 0.08 Mn 0.67 O 2 .
Under both approaches, all SIB pose hazards, although with substantial differences between individual CAM.
Various intermetallic alloys have been tuned with carbonaceous materials for stable SIB anode performance.
All-solid-state sodium-ion batteries are promising candidates for large-scale energy storage applications.
The Sb@C yolk-shell material was mixed with hard carbon (HC) for low cost, high capacity and stable anodes.
After that, NaFePO4 with an operating voltage of 2.7 V with a capacity of 118 mA•h•g -1 is also announced .
The mechanistic causes for NaSICON's chemical susceptibility to Lewis-acidic degradation will be discussed.
Tao et al. investigated the sodium storage behavior of titanium oxides with a low price for the first time.
A facile methodology for high-capacity SIB anodes with high mass loadings has been reported by Zhu et al. .
These studies demonstrate the potential of sodium-ion batteries and lay the foundation for future research.
The discharge plateau of P2-NFMO-CoMgLi is at ∼2.89 V, and the charge plateau of hard carbon is at ∼0.06 V.
Activation and carbonization are the two main processes used in this work, preparing hard carbon from OP-R.
The high sloping capacity was attributed to the hard carbon that contains the highest defect concentration.
Cross-sections of the NaSICON samples were prepared by breaking the pellets inside of an Arfilled glovebox.
These synthetic strategies have allowed notable improvisations in the material's performance as SIB anodes.
ABSTRACT Metallic Sn has provoked tremendous progress as an anode material for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
Hence, fluorine-based components are not indispensable to stabilize the hard carbon/ electrolyte interface.
For comparison, hard carbon was prepared by direct pyrolysis of commercial PVP at 1000 C, named as CP-1000.
In summary, we have shown that alkaline earth metal vanadates (Ca-V-O and Sr-V-O) are promising SIB anodes.
First, an overview of the electrochemical properties of commercially pursued SIB active materials is given.
The abundant micropores serve as reservoirs for storing the sodium ions and shorten the diffusion distance.
Initially, the surface-driven capacitive mechanism for sodium ion adsorption dominates in the slope region.
A solid electrolyte of the titanium and zinc-doped NASICON type was successfully synthesized in this study.
This company uses their type of hard carbon anode, and several types of cathodeslayered, polyphosphate etc.
Na + /Na, an enhanced kinetics of sodium insertion/deinsertion, a high-rate capability and good cycle life.
The cycling performance and rate performance of SnO 2 and Sb 2 O 3 as SIB anodes are shown in Figures 6E,F.
Constraints: Only symmetry (space group P6 3 /mmc) was preserved to maintain the P2-type layered structure.
In total, our various results indicate that sodium insertion into this HC is faster than lithium insertion.
A type of disordered carbon material, which is popularly known as hard carbon has been studied intensively.
However, the incongruent melting of the NASICON phase and the formation of bloating seems to be dominating.
The main phase in this system is lithium titanium phosphate (LiTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 ) with the NASICON structure.
This shortens the diffusion path of sodium ions and enhances the conductivity of the battery (see Table 1).
The transition metal ions in TM layer migrate to adjacent Na layer, hindering the transport of sodium ions.
Therefore, over the past few decades, researchers determined that graphite was not suitable for SIB anodes.
A sodium metal tablet with a diameter of 15.6 mm was used as the counter electrode and reference electrode.
For SIB cell manufacturers, the CAM is mostly a very important part of their IP and often patent protected.
Representative plan-view and cross-sectional images of pristine (as-made) NaSICON are shown in Figure 2a-b.
The sodium storage performance of N-GHC was tested in sodium half-cells within voltage window of 0.005-3 V.
S1 † compares the cycling performance of the Sn electrode in the SIB and LIB at 0.2C-rate during 50 cycles.
The NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 reversibly exchanged Li and Na ions at average voltages of 1.86 V and 1.46 V vs.
The present development shows a new route to synthesize NASICON-type material by using an "aqueous" method.
In summary, the effects of carbon coating and CNTs compositing on mesoporous hard carbon were investigated.
Again, this result is consistent with the presence of transition metal vacancies in Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2.
The ability of the coprecipitation process to form spherical Na-ion LTMO particles is very well understood.
Huang proposed that F-doped result in a lower Mn 3+ content, which stabilize the O3-type layered structure.
A dual regulation strategy is applied to alleviate the above-mentioned problems of Prussian blue analogues.
Reections that could be ascribed to secondary phases, i.e., rhombohedral R 3m (O3-type), were not observed.
Therefore, lower R s and R ct , and higher D Na+ are benefit for improving the electrochemical performance.
For phase transition, doping Cu and boron is effective in mitigate Jahn-Teller (J-T) effect in the P2-type.
In 2013, Kang's group introduced the cathode material Na 1.5 VPO 4 F 0.7 for high-energy Na-ion batteries .
Machine learning models were successfully developed to predict the density of sodium-ion battery materials.
Its crystal structural and sodium storage property in the organic electrolyte system have not been studied.
In this work, we focus on the performance of NaSICON solid electrolytes in sodium symmetric cells at 110 °C.
Based on the concentration of the Na-ions adsorbed on the TaS 2 /GeC heterostructure, we can obtain its OCV.
In previous studies, these two regions have generally been attributed to distinct sodium storage mechanisms.
The cross-sectional image of the substrate in Fig. 4b reveals a fully dense and crack-free NaSICON PAD film.
A comparison with other Na-ion full cells reported in the literature is disclosed in Supplementary Table 9 .
In situ Raman spectroscopy and in situ XRD were conducted to further elucidate the sodium storage mechanism.
The surface of the SnNaSICONSn remained porous even after coating, as shown in the low-magnification images.
Soft carbon and hard carbon materials are two of the most promising materials for sodium ion battery anodes.
The Coulombic efficiency of commercial hard carbon (97% each cycle) is likely to be another reason for this.
NIBs were the most interesting subject among the scientist for replacing NaCoO2 (reported by Rossen et al.).
Ether-based and carbonate-based electrolytes are the two most common electrolytes for sodium-ion batteries .
The potential application of the TaS 2 /GeC MSH as an anode material for Na-ion batteries is also evaluated.
This value inversely reflected the diffusion ability of sodium ions inside the bulk phase of a MnS particle.
Determining the textural properties of hard carbon samples is essential to probe the effect of the pressure.
The composite displayed superior sodium storage performance even at high charge-discharge current densities.
A freshly developed mesoporous Sn/SnO 2 -Ni@C composited alloy has shown marked performance as an SIB anode.
Here, we demonstrate an iron sulfide Fe 3 S 4 as a new anode material for a rechargeable sodium-ion battery.
The widths of the semicircles are attributed to charge transfer resistances across the Na-NaSICON interface.
Sodium ion batteries (SIBs) have recently been revisited as an alternative to solve some of these drawbacks.
For instance, Al 3+ substitution for V 3+ in the NASICON structure enables the V 4+ /V 5+ redox at 4.0 V vs.
The porous structure can provide vast diffusive tunnels for the fast access of electrolytes and sodium ions.
Ultra-micropores were shown to play a role in the formation of reversible ion storage sites for sodium ions.
A new Sb-PMA MOF material as anodes for sodium-ion batteries is synthesized by a simple and low-cost method.
The diffusion coefficients of sodium ions of HE remains stable and higher than those of NFM aer ten cycles.
It should be noted that NASICONs can also exist with other space groups, such as the monoclinic form (C2/c).
NASICON-type materials are promising SIB cathodes due to their fast Na + diffusion and structural stability.
Figure 7 shows XRD diffractograms of hard carbon samples prepared under a variety of fabrication conditions.
The primary strategy is to design an anode material that could transport both Na-ions and electrons quickly.
Sodium-ion batteries are being extensively studied as a replacement for lithium-ion batteries in some areas.
Accordingly, its sodium-ion storage capability was evaluated through assembling Na-SeS 2 batteries (Fig. 3).
Despite these arguments, there is a scarcity of data on the use of O2 and H2 gases on hard carbon materials.
However, current therapeutic drugs like Prussian blue (PB) have limited efficacy in addressing these issues.
Finally, 8 of these NASICON compounds were successfully synthesized through a classic solid-state synthesis.
Despite their promising potential, carboxylate esters are seldom used in the formulation of SIB electrolytes.
Vania Mitha Pratiwi et al. investigated the use of titanium oxide as a dopant for the NASICON sample in 2019.
Recently, Lin et al. . also reported a high-entropy O3-type cathode, containing similar chemical composition.
There are four sodium ions per f.u. that are accessible for storage, and Na Fe, Mn, Co, and Ni, respectively.
The lack of sodium ion returning to the NFCCu electrode made it impossible to obtain a fully discharge state.
Notably, the R ct for the sodium-ion cell was found to be slightly higher than that for the lithium-ion cell.
These results highlight new mechanistic aspects of the electrochemical insertion of sodium into hard carbons.
Moreover, the stacking graphene layers and holes in HC structure are filled with sodium ions when contacting.
Besides, it is also found that O3-type may exhibit more sluggish Na + diffusion kinetics than P2-type may do.
When bare NASICON pellets were used, they were mostly available in thicknesses ranging from 800 µm to 900 µm.
Furthermore, the sharp cathodic peak centered at 0.001 V suggested the insertion of Na-ions into the carbon .
Because of the SIB aren't manufacture as large as LIB, the data about SIB recycling isn't as reliable as LIB.
The fundamental reason for substitution is that sodium-ion batteries also have very significant shortcomings.
Aer the pyrolysis, the obtained hard carbon was ground in a mixer mill (SPEX SamplePrep, Retsch) for 30 min.
This improvement in cycle life was achieved not only in Na-ion battery but also in Li-ion battery evaluation.
In comparison, columns for all NASICON species can be seen in regions that have been partially stripped (Fig.
Upon fracturing the SnNaSICONSn-100 pellet, the expected cube-like NaSICON microstructure was again observed.
The sodium storage property of active material (CoP or YS-CoP@NPC) are evaluated with CR2025-type coin cells.
The sodium-ion batteries were galvanostatic charged/discharged on a Land-CT2001A in the range of 0.1-3 V (vs.
This paper provides significant new insights into Sodium-ion and Lithium-ion batteries' environmental impact.
The fabricated electrodes were used as working electrodes and sodium metal was used as the counter electrode.
However, ligninderived partially crystalline hard carbon has not been reported as an anode material for SIBs.
Hence, a decade ago the carboxiltae group materials came into anode applications in the sodium ion batteries.
Among them, hard carbon has attracted significant attention due to its relatively high capacity and low cost.
The carbonaceous materials also improve the conductivity of electrode and provide additional sodium storage .
A new way of hard carbon elaboration is presented which specificity is a pyrolysis step under argon pressure.
One class of these polyanionic composites comprises the sodium superionic conductor (NASICON)-type materials.
All of these oxides exhibit Ti 3+ /Ti 4+ charge transfer, but the sodium storage voltages are very different.
Li et al. 205 prepared P, S, B-doped HCs through such an approach, to study the storage mechanism of Na-ions.
A uniquely presented Sb 6 O 13 with a thin C coating over it has been recently demonstrated as an SIB anode .
This paper currently summarizes several electrolyte materials with good performance for sodium ion batteries.
The O3-type positive electrode had a mass loading of 15.01 mg cm -2 and an electrode density of 2.5 g cc -1 .
In order to ameliorate the fast charging issue, a spherical hard carbon/graphite porous electrode is devised.
After graphite and spherical hard carbon were mixed, XRD scanning tests were carried out on the five samples.
Finally, aer hightemperature carbonization, a coal-derived hard carbon with a uniform pore size is obtained.
XRD and Raman results demonstrate that CNTs addition doesn't distinctly alter microstructures of hard carbon.
In summary, a Sc and Zn co-doped NASICON electrolyte was successfully synthesized via a solid-state reaction.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as promising candidates for large-scale energy storage applications.
Thus, an overall increase of conductive properties can enhance the SIB alloy behavior for higher Na + uptake.
The electrochemical performances of hard carbons were tested in sodium half-cells in the range of 0.01-2.5 V.
On heating, anthracite coal can produce different crystalline structures of carbon (graphite and hard carbon).
P2-type layered oxides exhibit compelling advantages but encounter persistent constraints, as discussed above.
A full battery with P2-Na 0.612 K 0.056 MnO 2 cathode and presodiated hard carbon (HC) anode was demonstrated.
Goodenough's group as sodium ion conductors and are found to stabilize in rhombohedral and monoclinic phases .
Figure 9 shows calculated γ-surfaces of CoO 2 in the O1 structure and LiCoO 2 and NaCoO 2 in the O3 structure.
Researches on both Na-ion batteries and Li-ion batteries were conducted essentially concurrently in the 1970s.
The P2-type layered cathode materials in our current work contain six cations, which are high-entropy systems.
Interest in sodium-ion batteries has increased in order to supplement the market held by lithium-ion cells 1 .
Overall, Na 2 MgCl 4 meets the essential criteria to be used as a solid-state electrolyte in Na-ion batteries.
With significant research, hard carbons have come to show massive storage capacities and fast discharge rates.
This makes a mixed-phase architecture exceptionally well-suited for optimising sodium-ion battery performance.
Carbonbased materials (such as hard carbon, Fig. 1a) are limited by a poor rate capability and safety issues .
This result constitutes an interesting step concerning the study of sodium sorption phenomena in hard carbons.
The Na-ion batteries were assembled in a glove box, following the procedure of conventional Li-ion coin cells.
These endeavors will drive research toward higher-performing, more practical anion-dominated SIB electrolytes.
Additionally, the literature often provides a further, third classification for Prussian blue analogues (PBA).
At a low scan rate of 0.1 mV s -1 , 46.1% of the sodium storage capacity is attributed to capacitive behavior.
Additionally, the bond-valence site energy mapping predicted a sodium-ion migration energy barrier of 0.76 eV.
For instance, sodium ions possess a greater ionic radius and increased atomic weight compared to lithium ions.
In this study, we investigate the inuence of different M-cations on the Na + diffusion behaviour in NaSICONs.
The high-frequency region of the Nyquist plot of the NASICON/ NYZC/NASICON symmetric cell is shown in Fig. 3b.
However, largest of four samples in terms of crystallite size is KOH activated hard carbon with 6.09 nm (KHC).
Currently, the sintering process causes NASICON powders to connect randomly and appear only as a solid pellet.
As a result, 17 compounds are suggested for validation as candidate cathode materials in sodium-ion batteries.
The NASICON type NVP@C samples have been successfully prepared by hydrothermal method followed by calcination.
For comparison, we measured the charge-discharge properties of a cell without NaCBH (Na/NASICON/HC) (Fig. 4b).
But the sodium ion battery can work relatively stable at low temperatures and maintain high-efficiency output.
To further elucidate the sodium storage mechanism, Mn@Fe/H-PBA was systematically characterized using in situ.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) are a versatile class of materials with a wide range of potential applications.
The EIS spectra of sodium ions cells with CNF/G/MoS 2 composite anodes are presented in Supplementary Fig. 28.
A series of Prussian blue analogs were fabricated in this work, labeled PB-S1, PB-S2, PB-S3, PB-S4, and PB-S5.
The operating voltage ranges were 1.9-4.19 V for the Na-ion full cells and 2.0-4.2 V for the anode-free cells.
In this section four hard carbon materials derived from the four lignin precursors are reported and disscused.
Accordingly, we selected the SVM model for crystal stability prediction of new proposed SIB cathode materials.
Hard carbon (HC) was obtained from Wenzhou NaTech New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and used directly as anode.
Therefore, they show good electrochemical performance and are considered to be a promising Sodium-ion battery.
Figure 5a demonstrates O 1s narrow scanned spectra recorded from the 400th cycled O3-type positive electrodes.
The interlayer distance between graphitic layers in our hard carbon samples was calculated to be 0.37-0.38 nm.
S1 and S2), demonstrating that Sn/ NS-CNFs@rGO shows the highest electrochemical activity for sodium storage .
The Na 3 NiZr(PO 4 ) 3 gives a capacity of 50 mAh/g consistent with one sodium ion extraction, see Fig. 11(k).
In this review, a survey of recent research reports on substantial components of sodium-ion batteries is done.
Single-crystal morphology has been shown to be beneficial for the electrochemical performance of Na-ion LTMOs.
Together with the LiNMC cell, the NaMMO, NaPBA and NaNMMT SIB cells achieve the best results in this category.
The electrochemical performance of any given hard carbon sample depended largely on its structural properties.
This approach can readily be extended to understand the diffusion mechanism in other Na-ion battery materials.
Vidal-Abarca et al. explored the insertion behavior of sodium ions and lithium ions in Mg 0.5 Ti 2 (PO 4 ) 3 .
Prussian blue analogs feature an open three-dimensional crystal structure, enabling fast sodium-ion diffusion.
This result indicates that these SiO x materials can also perform as anode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
The present results should contribute to preparing various LTO electrodes with various phases via SIB cycling.
A rGO composite of Sn/Sb as an SIB anode delivered a capacity of 320 mAh g -1 over 300 cycles at 500 mAh g -1 .
This result may enable almost full competitiveness of Na-ion batteries to Li/ion ones in practical application.
These results suggest that carbon coating can significantly enhance Na3V2 (PO4)3's sodium storage capabilities.
Furthermore, we investigated the effects of heating parameters on the structural evolution of hard carbon (Fig.
These results introduce new candidates for supercapacitance and Na-ion battery industries. plastic deformation.
The metal organic frame (MOFs) work is one of the pioneer methods to improve the sodium ion batteries features.
The stability of the Na-ion battery based on DAP-HC can also be evaluated by open-circuit voltage holding (Fig.
For hard carbon, the closed-pore volume can be calculated using the equation V closed pore = 1/ρ true -1/2.26 .
The above results further confirm the merits of this configurational entropy engineering strategy for NASICONs.
The ASIB technology requires electrode materials with excellent electrochemical performance and sustainability.
With the help of in situ characterization techniques, the sodium storage mechanism in HC is elucidated clearly.
NASICON type glass-ceramics can be obtained according to the desired shape and dimension without any porosity .
However, their challenge lies in poor cycle stability due to the severe volume expansion during sodium storage.
NASICON glass-ceramics belonging to the system of Li 2 O-Ti 2 O-P 2 O 5 have shown superior ionic conductivity.
Aer discharging to around 0.1 V, sodium ions begin to ll the closed pores and generate high plateau capacity.
From a chemical perspective, Na + and Li + differ mainly by their ionic radii (rNa+ ≈ 0.1 nm, rLi+ ≈ 0.06 nm) .
Signicantly, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are of great interest for their low cost and abundant sodium sources.
Such sodium site splitting was previously proposed in several structural studies of various P2-type materials .
There is limited work utilizing in situ NPD to probe the structural evolution of Na-ion LTMOs during synthesis.
It's mainly because the plasticity of hard carbon particles is lower than that of graphite secondary particles.
Hard carbon is a promising negative electrode material for sodium-ion batteries that operate at low potentials.
The low capacity and unstable performance behavior of current SIB anodes have impeded their commercialization .
Despite these findings, thermal runaway in sodium-ion batteries remains an underexplored area compared to LIBs.
The excellent volume buffering with efficient diffusion kinetics of Na + ensured resilience with SIB potential.
This has already been observed for other P2-and O3-type sodium layered oxides with the same composition 31,32 .
Lithium/sodium ion batteries (LIBs/SIBs) consist of four parts: cathodes, anodes, separators, and electrolytes.
For Na-ion full-cell experiments, Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 was prepared according to Park et al. 45 as the cathode.
In this context, the current review discusses the suitable high-voltage cathode materials for Na-ion batteries.
Therefore, Titanium-based material has been widely used in the study of sodium-ion battery electrode materials.
The possibility of all migration paths of Ni in Na0.55 and Na1 and the top views are demonstrated in Fig. 5a-d.
The nanostructure of the cobalt Prussian blue analogue (Co-PBA) was analyzed by X-ray powder diffraction (XRD).
Besides that, the carbon nanostars can insert Na-ions with a resulting initial capacity of about 80 mA h g À1 .
A Mo 3 Sb 7 intermetallic SIB anode with extra high capacity has been presented previously by Baggetto et al. .
Sodium-ion batteries are emerging as a highly promising technology for large-scale energy storage applications.
In the hybrid powder system, the hard carbon particles are randomly filled into the voids between the graphite.
In situ XRD analyses were performed to investigate the sodium ion storage mechanism in the BHC-Zn-41 electrode.
Titanium dioxide (TiO 2 ), of late, is also found to be a promising example of anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
Here we report a SIB anode material, the graphene-coupled TiO 2 sandwich-like hybrid (referred to as G-TiO 2 ).
This can partly be ascribed to the formation of SEI and sodium-ion insertion into the conductive additive (Fig.
The work represents a step forward for Na-ion batteries development and opens a new avenue for material design.
The pristine LiTi₂(PO₄)₃ (LTP) crystallizes in a rhombohedral NASICON-type structure with the space group R-3c.
Our study provides a valid guide towards high-performance red-phosphorus-based anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
Therefore, O3-type materials are the most promising cathode materials for large-scale commercial applications .
A NASICON/soft electrolyte/NASICON cell was constructed using NaCBH and NYZC sandwiched between NASICON layers.
The interlayer distance of traditional graphite is about 0.34nm, which cannot accommodate sodium ion parameters.
The optimized materials demonstrate enhanced sodium-ion diffusion kinetics and improved long-term reversibility.
Hence, our assumption of EC determining a critical ion-sieving pore size for both LIB and SIB seems to be wrong.
The NASICON structure formed a stable host framework for the fast and long-term extraction/reinsertion of Na + .
S5, ESI †) with Raman shift of 1310 and 1610 cm À1 correspond to the D and G bands in hard carbon, respectively.
Sodium-ion batteries (SiBs) are considered as a serious alternative to the current lithium-ion batteries (LiBs).
However, the formation of a stable and robust SEI is essential for the satisfactory performance of hard carbons.
P2-Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 as a new cathode material has been synthesized by a traditional solid-state method.
The sodium storage kinetics were further supported by the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT).
For instance, Wang et al. synthesized Ndoped hard carbon by carbonization of pulp obtained from milled soybeans.
For hard carbon in particular, the low-lying plateau is very sensitive to structurally-dependent overpotentials.
The size of the organic particles also plays a vital role to get optimum advantages by the sodium ion batteries.
Interestingly, in our previous study, 51 the slope for the NaFePO 4 electrode was found to be 0.134 (% h À0.5 ).
As a result, distinct materials exhibited various electrochemical behaviors as they were employed as SIB anodes.
The alloy-type anode has a very high capacity and the research on high performance sodium storage will continue.
As the voltage decreases, sodium ions begin to intercalate into the carbon layer and exhibit a sloping capacity.
In Figure 8d, we consider the 6b-18e hop of Ca 2+ in Ca0.17Na0.83VP where all cations initially occupy 6b sites.
Sodium-ion batteries became to attract attention about a decade after the commercialization of Li-ion batteries.
Consequently, HE-V could stably run 10 000 cycles at 50C, which greatly facilitates the application of NASICONs.
Therefore, Zn 3 Nb 2 O 8 -B has great application prospects as an anode material for lithium/sodium-ion storage.
However, the conductivity of FeS and the volume expansion during sodium storage prevent its further application.
At a sintering temperature of 1000 ℃, the ionic conductivity of the NASICON pellets appears to increase rapidly.
These challenges must be addressed to fully realize the potential of SIB in the future energy storage landscape.
In the future, there is potential to improve energy density and resolve the limitations of sodium-ion batteries.
The EDS element mapping of C and S confirms that the S element is evenly distributed throughout the hard carbon.
What's more, new weak peaks developed at 12.3° and 68.4° of P2-type Na 2/3 (Mn 6/8 Ni 2/8 )O 2 cathode material.
For sodium-ion storage, lower capacities are obtained, but with higher relative capacity retention upon cycling.
The pyrolysis temperature has an important influence on the microstructural properties of hard carbon materials.
The synthesized NaCoPO 4 was used to fabricate a cathode material for aqueous rechargeable sodium-ion batteries.
The SCs exhibited better Na-ion storage performance than previously reported carbon materials without S doping .
Layered transition-metal oxides have attracted intensive interest for cathode materials of sodium-ion batteries.
Thanks to its huge specific capacity, SnS2 has been extensively studied as an anode material for sodium storage.
Then, sodium mobility within the open-cage network of Si 24 was explored by computing Na-ion diffusion barriers.
Since Na-ion batteries are secondary batteries (rechargeable), many regulations are in place to make them safer.
We also observed trace amounts of maricite (NaFePO 4 ) impurities (around 4% in both NFPP-E and NFPP-C samples).
The electrochemical tests were performed using a coin-type cell (CR-2032) with a sodium metal counter electrode.
The drying rate of the Na-ion battery powder will be reduced in the spray chamber as a result of this reduction.
CuMgTi-571 cathode again displays less voltage fading during the long cycling compared with the NaMNO 2 cathode.
Interestingly, in NaCoO2 case, the calculated voltages with PBE+U+vdW are much larger than the experimental one.
This avenue can be applicable for preparing other metal sulfide/carbon anode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
This contributes to a superior sodium ion storage capacity, making the 1T phase particularly effective for SIBs.
While in the O3-type, doping can prevent O3→P2 or O3→P3 transition during Na + intercalation/extraction process.
As research into SIB safety advances, key differences between LIB and SIB thermal behavior have begun to emerge.
To investigate the microstructure of hard carbon samples formed at 1500 °C, HRTEM images are shown in Fig. 1i-k.
The as-prepared SnO 2 /NG electrode exhibits a higher sodium-ion storage capacity than the SnO 2 /G counterpart.
Aqueous Na-ion and K-ion batteries, which with superior cycling stability and rate capacity, were reported by Y.
The typical formula for the initially synthesized NASICON materials is Na 1+x Zr 2 P 3-x Si x O 12 (0 ≤ x ≤ 3) .
In 2010, the Delmas group reported the electrochemical activity of NaMn 2 Fe(PO 4 ) 3 for sodium-ion batteries .
This is in contrast with the NaFePO 4 olivine structure type where all Na + ion pathways are single channels (cf.
However, the best-performing SIB cell, O3-ZNMT (71.6 kg CO 2 -eq. kWh À1 ) nearly matches the benchmark (D o 1%).
Further, charge density variations of Nb 2 CT x /MoS 2 @CS before and aer sodium insertion are shown in Fig. 8f.
Hard carbons are among the most promising anode materials for Na-ion batteries (NIB) and are extensively studied.
Interlayer expansion of intercalation hosts is one of the effective techniques for facilitating Na-ion diffusion.
Hard carbon showed the best capacity retention in the NaClO4/EC: PC electrolyte compared to other mixed solvents.
The experimentally informed virtual TR analytics platforms can help prevent cell-to-cell failures in SIB modules.
NaSICON disks used for symmetric cell testing were polished to 0.8 -0.9 mm thickness at P2500 grit on both sides.
Electrolytes are pivotal to SIB thermal safety, yet gaps remain in optimizing their composition and practicality.
However, highly accurate models available thus far are rare due to a lack of aging data for sodium-ion batteries.
From our calculated phase diagram, Ca0.7Na0.8VP should phase separate with the major phases being Na3VP and CaVP.
The spontaneous Na + /H + exchange is easily happened in the O3-type NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 cathode in ambient air .
In contrast, when sodium-ion batteries can work at -20 ℃, the state of charge (SOC) retention rate is above 80% .
To alleviate these challenges, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) can be used as the finest candidates for power supply.
This review is devoted to recent progress in research on alloy-based SIB anodes comprising Sn, Sb, P, Ge, and Si.
The mass loading density of the electrode was maintained at approximately 1 mg cm -2 relative to the hard carbon.
Therefore, air-stable interfaces must be well constructed before the practical application of SIB electrodes 13 .
DFTcalculations support the favourable sodium insertion in the titanium vacancies compared to interstitial sites.
We performed kinetic analysis on the CV curves at various scan rates to evaluate the mechanism of sodium storage.
The x = 1.0 sample contains two phases: monoclinic NaMnO 2 and orthorhombic NaMnO 2 , along with unmatched peaks.
The electrochemical performance of NVP/C was evaluated in half cells using sodium metal as the counter electrode.
The most popular anode materials for Na-ion cells are HC materials synthesized from waste materials and biomass .
As discussed above, the P2-NLMFO shows a moderate sodium storage performance in the potential range of 1.5-4.5 V.
The average length of the graphene layer, L a , is of the same order of magnitude for all hard carbons (Table 1).
The absence of mesopores and the dominance of ultramicropores contribute to enhanced sodium storage performances.
Since then, several research groups have followed this example and studied the effect of FEC in Na-ion batteries.
The latter alone accounts for a fifth of the polymeric precursors used for hard carbon synthesis; see Figure 3.d.
Concentrated sodium ions exchange with cesium adsorbed on the microgels to realize the regeneration of adsorbent.
Moreover, this ferroelectric-engineered composite electrolyte could serve other solid-state sodium-ion batteries.
Previous researchers have suggested that the discharge capacity of hard carbon can be divided into three regions.
This makes research into biomass-based carbon sodium-ion battery electrode materials of unprecedented importance.
Ionic sodium ions are formed in the sloping region, consistent with charge localization, presumably near defects.
In NASICON materials, however, the thermal expansivity is low, 22,29 so ΔH h may vary minimally with temperature.
But for the hard carbon, it shows an H2-type hysteresis loop, which is a typical feature of inkbottle-like pores.
This technique, complemented by XPS and SEM, enhanced our understanding of the sodium environment in hard carbon.
Therefore, the obtained hard carbon should have graphitic microcrystallites, but should not be fully graphitized.
These pre-treatment conditions signicantly tuned the hard carbon microstructure and porosity to various extents.
In general, the intensity ratio of D band to G band (I D /I G ) represents the degree of disorder in hard carbon.
The pellet was placed between an aluminum foil and sodium metal foil at a constant torque of 0.3 NÁm (= 3.2 MPa).
In conclusion, Ti doping has been introduced to improve the cycling and rate performance of P2-Na2/3Fe1/3Mn2/3O2.
The obtained parameters as a result of solving the crystal structure indicated NASICON phases for these materials.
Thus hard carbon by electrospinning with PVP as carbon source delivered satisfactory electrochemical performances.
At the macroscopic scale, in-situ synchrotron XRD was employed to monitor the structural evolution of P2/P3-NaMNO.
At x = 2/3, sodium ions in Na f sites arrange in a large-zig-zag (LLZ) around sodium ions in Na e sites (Fig. 1G).
The negative electrodes for sodium-ion battery models were prepared using the technology described previously in .
KOH-activated hard carbon has provided 479.23 F/g specific capacitance as calculated from its cycle voltammograms.
A preheating process was developed to prepare hard carbon from mangrove wood for use as an anode material in SIBs.
Due to the cost-effectiveness of sodium source, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted considerable attention.
Note that, although Na + has different storage mechanisms in hard carbons when using ether and ester electrolytes.
In which concern the commercial hard carbons, the specific surface area assessed by N2 is often available as well.
Second, the sodium ions start to form an SEI layer and enter the ZTC's supercages and adsorb on the inner surface.
These advancements underscore the potential of CG structures in enhancing the performance of sodium-ion batteries.
CR2032 was assembled to evaluate the electrochemical performance of Sb-PMA-300 as anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
The final pellet thickness for each cell was 0.80 mm for the NaSICON-1h cell and 0.75 mm for the NaSICON-23h cell.
Two things of concern in the development of sodium-ion batteries are how to achieve high energy and power density.
But for practical applications, the kinetics of sodium-ion batteries become slow when working at low temperatures.
Figure 3e shows the lattice fringes with d-spacing of 0.62 nm correspond to the plane of NASICON-type NVP-F 0.15 .
Nevertheless, reports concerning coal-based anode materials implemented in sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) are scarce.
Figure 19 shows the variation in the ID/IG ratio with temperature for hard carbon derived from various precursors.
The schematic diagram of K + substituted three-dimensional NASICON framework of NVPF was illustrated in Figure 1a.
In contrast, the O3-type polymorph generally forms for sodium rich compositions, giving rise to higher capacities.
Hard carbon (Carbotron P(J)) provided by Kureha was used as a negative electrode without any further purification.
The maximum current capability of the SnNaSICONSn will then be examined through testing at 500 and 1000 mA cm -2 .
This confirms the experimental observation that hard carbons are prone to the formation of oxygen surface defects.
On the contrary, hard carbon with a limited macropore content requires more time to reach full sodiation capacity.
Sodium-ion batteries are an attractive option for low-cost and environmentally benign energy-storage technologies.
Processes to maintain the initial spherical particle morphology have not yet been explored in Na-ion LTMO systems.
The direct comparison of FeP and FeS 2 as SIB anode materials indicates the much better cyclability of the latter.
NASICON is known for its high ionic conductivity and exceptional stability, both thermally and electrochemically .
The highly overlapping CV curves illustrate the good reversibility of the sodium ion extraction/insertion process.
TiO 2 has been a promising anode material for sodium-ion batteries because it is low-cost and environmentfriendly.
In other words, electrolytes with higher sodiumion concentrations have a superior sodium-ion supplying capability.
Note that for the P2-type structures, Na ions occupy two groups of trigonal prismatic AM sites: Nae and Naf sites.
In the hard carbon, however, discontinuous graphite domains block the conducting network at the microscopic level.
Porkodi et al. reported the advantage of using a molecular precursor, sol-gel-based approach to NASICON synthesis.
Our computations showed that the C 3 N monolayer is indeed a potential anode material for Li-and Na-ion batteries.
The hard carbon structure prepared via this strategy exhibits an ultra-low specic surface area of 1.87 m 2 g -1 .
is a promising anode material for sodium-ion batteries due to its low cost and high theoretical specific capacity.
Thus, Na-ion batteries with hard-carbon anodes and cobalt-free cathodes are more sustainable than Liion batteries.
Hu et al. first investigated Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 as anode material for sodium-ion batteries in 2013 (Sun et al., 2013).
The Na storage performance of the hard carbon anode was evaluated using the same electrolyte as in the half-cells.
This paper reviewed the application of nanotechnology in both anode and cathode materials of sodium-ion batteries.
It is easy to insert and remove ions reversibly as the structures can provide enough space to contain sodium ions.
By 2027, sodium-ion solutions are predicted to produce 3.8 terawatt hours of energy but will fall short of demand.
Moreover, the P/O biphasic phase exhibited better rate performance than the P2-and O3-type materials as well (Fig.
Improved by addressing these two issues, NFPP can serve as an excellent cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
The resulted enlarged nano-pores and meso-pores are favor for the diffusion and storage of large radius of Na-ion.
The Raman spectra of hard carbons generally exhibit broad peaks around 1345 cm -1 (D-band) and 1586 cm -1 (Gband).
However, β-NaMnO 2 and NaNi 1/3 Co 1/3 Fe 1/3 O 2 show poor cycling stability and average cell voltage (~2.8 V vs.
To further understand the Na-ion storage processs in (Ni)MnO2 birnessite, electro-kinetics analysis was conducted.
In this work, the production of low cost and environment friendly anodes for sodium ion batteries is investigated.
The sodium ion insertion and extraction behavior of the 3DP-NFPP@C was investigated using cyclic voltammetry (CV).
Results showed that the KOH activated hard carbon derived from banana stem have a capacitance value of 479.23 F/g.
In 2014, Ceder et al. re-investigated O3-NaTiO 2 as an anode material for sodium-ion batteries (Wu et al., 2015a).
In the potential window of 1.5-4.3 V, the NMTP can give three sodium ion reactions at an average voltage of 3.0 V.
As sodium ions are extracted, the electrostatic repulsion between oxygen atoms within the O3 structure intensies.
To further explore the storage mechanism of sodium ions, the valence states of Fe were measured in various states.
The choice of synthesis method plays an integral part in the development of Na-ion layered transition metal oxides.
Brousse et al. investigated Na 2 Ti 6 O 13 as the negative electrode for sodium-ion batteries (Trinh et al., 2012).
The pouch cell assembled by this cathode/hard carbon delivers discharge capacity of 70 mAh g -1 and good stability.
The voltage proles and long cycling performance of the anthracite samples and hard carbon are presented in Fig. 6.
Finally, a full-cell SIB was fabricated by coupling the optimized CH-800-1500 anode with a NVP cathode (Fig. 7(a)).
Sodium-ion batteries have emerged as a promising secondary battery system due to the abundance of sodium resources.
In this work a azo-functional MOF, namely UiO-abdc, is presented as an electrode compound for sodium-ion insertion.
In summary, we have rationally designed a yolk-shell CoP/N,P codoped carbon (YS-CoP@NPC) for robust sodium storage.
We next implemented a similar approach in the optimization of C/P2-type Na 0.67 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 Na-ion systems.
Sodium metal foil (Na, 99%), super P (C, 35-45 nm in grain sizes), 4H6O3, 99.7%) were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich.
In the meantime, with the migration of sodium ions, the same number of electrons migrate across the battery system.
S10(c) †), respectively. 54 We could distinguish between Na-ion storage arising from capacitance and intercalation.
The unique hollow structures can shorten the length of Na-ion diffusion, which is benefit for the rate performance.
A layered-columnar material NaFe[O 3 PCH(OH)CO 2 ] is designed with 2D grid-like channels for sodium ion migration.
The existing NASICON powder has an ionic conductivity of 10 -7 S/cm, even when compressed at a pressure of 300 MPa.
Standard liquid electrolyte formulations were used: LiPF 6 in EC:DMC for Li-ion and NaClO 4 in PC for Na-ion cells.
The structural changes in graphite anodes for sodium-ion batteries significantly influence their thermal stability.
At present, the sodium-ion battery industry chain has already taken shape, and relevant investments have been made.
In the field of SIB research, the development of high-performance cathode materials represents a crucial objective.
A new family of fluorine-free solid-polymer electrolytes, for use in sodium-ion battery applications, is presented.
Chen and co-workers 154 developed high surface area porous hard carbon microspheres by sulfur and oxygen co-doping.
The similar production processes of LIBs and SIBs makes sodium-ion batteries a drop-in technology (Tarascon, 2020).
Considering the analogies between LIB and SIB, we expect that SL acts as a powerful co-solvent for SIB electrolyte.
On July 29, 2021, CATL released its first-generation sodium-ion battery, which is a precursor to commercialization.
This work also provides a promising strategy to obtain high performance cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
This suggests the presence of numerous electrochemically active sites capable of accommodating lithium/sodium ions.
The second and third curves of HESSe exhibit significant overlap, indicating good reversibility for sodium storage.
Therefore, Prussian blue analogue-functionalized magnetic microgels could be effectively regenerated by 0.1 M NaOH.
At high current densities exceeding 10C (1C = 300 mA h g À1 ), the capacity of hard carbon significantly decreases.
Herein, we examine how ultra-fast sintering approaches impact polymorphism in NASICON-type solid electrolytes (e.g.
Air-sensitive XRD measurements were taken of the cycled Sn-coated NaSICON to characterize the NaSn chaperone phase.
Sluggish sodium diffusion has been one of the limiting factors for the low capacity of Sb 2 Se 3 -based SIB anodes.
The ability of the NASICON structure to accommodate different ions on the M site has been extensively demonstrated.
Single TM P2-type oxides typically show low capacities and multiple plateaus due to complex Na + /vacancy ordering.
We produced NaSICON powders and analyzed resulting powders regarding their morphological and structural properties.
Hard carbon (HC) is receiving widespread attention as a negative electrode material for sodium secondary batteries.
In addition, the cyclic voltammetric curves of the assembled sodium-ion capacitors were tested as indicated in Fig.
Meanwhile, Bommier produced sucrose-based hard carbons and observed notable shifts in the position of the peak 43 .
The polyanion sodium cathode materials dataset, formatted in XYZ format, is available for downloaded at Zenodo 53 .
Stratford et al. 9 showed that all hard carbons produced by hydrothermal synthesis exhibited cylindrical curvature.
The three ZTC samples have been used to store sodium cations (Na + ) for the purpose of sodium-ion batteries (SIB).
Furthermore, we uncovered an insertion behavior dominated sodium storage mechanism via ex situ XPS and XAS spectra.
Figure 3a, b illustrate the phonon density of states (PhDOS) as a function of frequency for ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5.
After comparing 5 aspects, we can have a conclusion that SIB is better than LIB in terms of the environment impact.
In this work, we chose the PVP as the solute in DMF to prepare the electrospinning solution to get the hard carbon.
These results for high rate capability suggest the advantages of NASICON-type electrodes that are enhanced by CNFs.
It can be seen from Table 1 that the Dv50 of graphite and spherical hard carbon are 13.07 and 1.80 μm respectively.
The composition refined from this data is Na0.47(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2, and is consistent with the electrochemical results.
Both the d002spacing and the nanoscale pores are supposed to be the key to Na storage capabilities of hard carbons.
Recent research has focused on several strategies to improve the electrochemical performance of hard carbon anodes.
Hence, Na 0.66 [Mn 0.66 Ti 0.34 ]O 2 can be used as a positive electrode material for aqueous sodium-ion batteries.
This implies that sodium intercalation is unlikely to play a critical role in the overall sodium storage mechanism.
As an SIB anode, the material delivered an initial discharge capacity of 232 mAh g -1 at 0.02 A g -1 in 100 cycles.
The combined effect of point defects and twin structures greatly improves the sodium storage performance of ZnSe 0.
Among the NaMPO 4 series, the NaFePO 4 stands out as the only candidate exhibiting decent electrochemical activity.
Hard carbon usually has good sodium storage capacity owing to its high structural disorder and large layer spacing.
Nowadays, lithium-and sodium-ion batteries (LIBs and SIBs) have attracted widespread attention all over the world .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are emerging as potential alternatives/complementaries to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs).
Based on the presented results, the filling process of ZTC by sodium ions is illustrated schematically in Figure 6.
In detail, the sodium-ion capacitor exhibits an energy density of 99.4 Wh kg -1 at a power density of 200 W kg -1 .
It achieves a low Na-ion diffusion barrier of 0.34 eV and delivers a high theoretical capacity of 406.4 mA h g -1 .
Furthermore, the increased interlayer distance between phosphorene layers facilitates the diffusion of sodium ions.
This article focuses on studying a simple and efficient synthesis process to prepare hard carbon from olive pomace.
In O3-type oxides, the likelihood of Na + diffusion within a single particle is higher than that in P2-type oxides.
The sodium-ion storage mechanism in HCs involves two distinct voltage regions, SRC above 0.1 V and PRC below 0.1 V.
This perspective explores the primary synthesis methods for Na-ion LTMOs, outlining their benefits and limitations.
Niobium-based oxides (M-Nb-O) as promising lithium/sodium-ion storage anode materials have attracted much attention.
An intermetallic Sn-Bi SIB anode has been recently proposed, showing stable and sustaining capacity as an SIB anode.
The Na + diffusion coefficients of Na 4 VP decrease as we suspected, indicating the reduced mobility of sodium ions.
PB-S2, a modified Mn-based Prussian blue by HNO 3 , was synthesized as follows: a dispersion of 0.2 g NaMnF in 40 mL
In addition, sodium-ion batteries have been actively studied to replace expensive charge carriers with cheaper ones.
The increase in energy density was found to be a more significant factor, reducing the CF of the SIB cells by 7-11%.
However, the immaturity of the SIB research system at that time limited its impact on the commercialization of SIBs.
Simultaneously, electrons flow through the external circuit, facilitating the reduction of sodium ions at the anode.
According to the above, sodium-ion batteries mainly use cheaper aluminium foil for positive and negative collectors.
Sodium-ion batteries perform worse performance than lithium-ion batteries, which is due to the properties of sodium.
The cathode material plays a vital role in reversible capacity, energy density and lifespan of sodium ion batteries.
Table S4 compares the energy density obtained in this study with those of previously reported sodium-ion full cells.
Komaba's group 28 reported a reversible capacity value of 240 mA h g À1 by using commercially available hard carbon.
Glass fibers (Whatman) and pure sodium metal foil were utilized as separators and a counter electrode, respectively.
Further, for other samples, two reduction peaks were observed at 3.28 and 3.19 V during the insertion of sodium-ion.
Among them, only a few iron-based polyanionic compounds have been characterized and tested for sodium ion batteries.
The negative electrode slurry (hard carbon:Super P:PVDF = 8:1:1) was coated on Cu foil and dried at 120 °C for 12 h.
The obtained Prussian blue derivatives exhibit fewer defects and disorder sites, and higher electronic conductivity.
When lowering the cutoff voltage below 2.1 V, it is capable of inserting another sodium ion via Ti 3+ /Ti 4+ redox .
The effect of adding 1-5 mol% zinc oxide and titanium oxide to the NASICON structure was investigated in this study.
Thus, the development of Na-ion batteries is the subject of interest of a broad number of research groups worldwide.
For the marine eutrophication potential, the sugar as a hard carbon precursor is the major single contributor (63%).
Hong et al. first prepared NaSICON type Na-ion solid electrolytes in 1976 and demonstrated their ionic conductivity.
Therefore, the control of hard carbon properties is of prime importance to achieve good electrochemical performance.
We obtained 641 NASICONs with E hull -S ideal T ≤ 0 (T = 1000 K), making them likely to be synthetically accessible.
Ou et al considered a different type of composite to utilize layered SnS2 as anode material of sodium-ion batteries.
The low diffusion barrier at the heterointerface greatly promotes sodium ion diffusion and charge-transfer kinetics.
The maximum slope capacity for G-HCS suggests the insertion of Na-ions between the expanded graphitic carbon layers.
The final output is the cradle-to-gate CF of LFP/ graphite and selected, commercially relevant SIB cell chemistries.
However, an excessively high degree of graphitization is not conducive to the adsorption and storage of sodium ions.
In recent years, sodium-ion water-in-salt electrolyte (NaWiSE) has made great progress in providing an ESW of 2.5 V.
This implies that Na + insertion into hard carbon may be able to attain faster charging rates at lower temperatures.
The XRD pattern of the pristine P2-NMFTO electrode displays the reflections of pure P2-type layered oxide (Fig. 6a).
In recent years, sodium-ion batteries have emerged as a promising alternative to traditional rechargeable batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries are considered as one of the most promising alternatives to lithium-based battery technologies.
P2 1 3) crystallize in the range of 0 ≤ x ≤ 0.4, while the phases isostructural to NASICON NaZr 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (sp. gr.
Long-term cycling tests were performed at 1 C (120 mA g -1 ) to evaluate the Na + storage durability in Na0.55 ~Na1.
As shown in Figure 3.a, raw biomass dominates the precursors explored for hard carbon synthesis, accounting for 42%.
First Na may have infiltrated grain boundaries from the surface of the electrolyte, appearing as discolored NaSICON.
According to the research group 292 , sodium insertion into hard carbon occurs in four different stages (Figure 32).
Opra et al. prepared a self-assembled moss-like Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 for SIB anodes by hydrothermal and annealing methods .
They employed macroscopic and atomic-scale techniques to vividly depict the layered P2 and O3-type heterostructures .
The incredible enhancement of D Na+ in 0.46-AFR-HC at all potentials could also explain its better rate performance .
Asymmetric membrane structure can stabilize Sb-based SIB alloy anodes as compared to traditional thin film structure.
The lattice water and vacancies will occupy the positions of sodium ions, thereby influencing the electrode capacity.
Comparison of the sodium storage ability among NC, NSC-500, NSC-600, and NSC-700 at 0.1 A g -1 is shown in Figure 3D.
Even the specic capacity of sodium storage decreased rapidly from 256.7 mA h g -1 to 85.9 mA h g -1 aer 250 cycles.
In comparison, SIB show lower scores, with the only exceptions of SIB variants that also contain a high amount of Ni.
Their zeolitic water molecules tend to occupy the interstitial sites that are essential for the sodium ion diffusion.
Electrochemical protocols for reducing formation time and maximising cycle life in a sodium ion battery are proposed.
A spherical phase pure P2-type Na X Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 material was synthesized following a scalable two-step process.
The relationship between Z re and o À1/2 in Fig. 3f represents the Warburg impedance related to sodium-ion diffusion.
We then attempted to synthesize these compounds and characterize the electrochemical properties for SIB applications.
The advantage of Na-ion batteries lies in higher natural abundance and lower cost of sodium in comparison to lithium.
The abundance of sodium resources indicates the potential of sodium-ion batteries as emerging energy storage devices.
This is the first time that a silicon nitride has been used in sodium-ion batteries, and it has a very high capacity.
The low angle scattering for hard carbon can provide information about the surface porosity of open and closed pores.
The t Na+ of PLM@LE and DLM@LE increased significantly to 0.33 and 0.28 because of the aperture size of MIL-125 host.
The intercalated solvent prefers to interact with sodium ions in the layered structure, forming solvated sodium ions.
The two most common phases are the P2 and O3, where sodium ions are in a prismatic and octahedral site, respectively.
Additionally, the Na-ion storage capacity of the reported S-doped carbon must be improved for practical applications.
In the process of transformation reaction, sodium ions embedded in Fe3O4 will generate metal Fe and Na2O (Figure 7) .
In sharp contrast, hard carbon derived from sucrose powder shows a much higher specific surface area of 137.2 m 2 /g.
Obviously, a thinner CEI thickness can shorten the diffusion distance of sodium-ion, thus enhancing rate performance.
In addition, Fig. 5a, b depict the total electronic density of states (DOS) for ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5, respectively.
Recent progress on beyond Li-ion battery technology, including Na-ion, has been extensively reviewed [3-5, 9, 32-40].
These findings further corroborate the more favorable Na-ion transport environments within Na/Cl-DC phase structures.
S18c, after 500 cycles at a current density of 5 C, the sodium-ion full cell maintains a capacity retention of 71.4%.
Cathode materials commonly used in SIBs include layered metal oxides, Prussian blue analogs, and polyanion compounds.
High-throughput density-functional-theory (DFT) calculations are first used to investigate the stability of NASICONs.
Full-cells with hard carbon (HC) || NaFe 0.45 Cu 0.05 Co 0.5 O 2 were assembled and investigated for the performance.
Here, we summarized the performance of the 295 Na-ion half-cells using oxide, PBA, or polyanion as cathode materials.
Recently, Yong Huang and co-worker 94 reported a better understanding of alkali metal ion storage in the hard carbon.
This work is fancy but has provided us with many suggestions for maximizing the performance of sodium-ion full-cells.
The obtained OCV of the TaS 2 /GeC heterostructure as a function of the Na-ion concentrations is depicted in Fig. 10.
Furthermore, the kinetic behavior of sodium-ion storage in HCs was investigated using cyclic voltammetry (CV) curves.
The specic surface area of the hard carbon materials was calculated according to BET (N 2 ) and NLDFT (Ar) theories.
Both capacity and cyclability increase from NaNi0.7Co0.3Al0.1O2 towards the binary composition of Na2MnO3 and NaCoO2.
SIB is a promising next-generation replacement, but there are still some challenges in the market acceptance of SIBs.
There are more nanovoids in hard carbon, which can better accommodate active ions for electrochemical energy storage.
Material Synthesis O3-type Na(NiCoFeTi)1/4O2 (O3-NCFT) was synthesized by a conventional solid state reaction method.
NVP has a NASICON framework and exhibits high energy density, high operating voltage and excellent thermal stability.
Therefore, preheating significantly improves product yields and the electrochemical properties of hard carbon anodes.
CR 2032 coincells were assembled using the cathode, sodium metal as anode, and glass fiber in the Ar-filled glovebox.
During the early plateau, as sodium ions accumulate at the available sites, faradaic charge transfer reactions begin.
O3-type cathode materials demonstrate great advantages in commercialization, but still face some inherent challenges.
The biggest dilemma of high-volume expansions in alloying anode materials in SIB may have multifactorial origination.
Moreover, the P2/P3-NaMNO retains its crystalline structure and morphology after cycling (Supplementary Figs. 23,24).
The kinetics and mechanisms of the MnF 2 and Mn-O-F anodes for both Li-ion and Na-ion storage were also investigated.
However, due to the complexity and requirement of expensive/ large equipment, limited work has been done Na-ion LTMOs.
Similar to the lithium-ion battery anode, carbon materials are the most widely studied sodium storage anode materials.
Despite signicant electrode polarization, the migration was found to be completely reversible in this P2-type system.
We measured the ionic conductivity by mixing a polymer electrolyte and NASICON powder from 0% to 100% by weight ratio.
The energy density, power density, and longevity of sodium ion batteries are limited by the available anode materials.
In this research, NASICON type (LiZr x Ti 2-x (PO 4 ) 3 ) glass-ceramics were fabricated (x = 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, and 0.4).
The CC@1400 °C powder and sodium metal were separated by two glass ber separators (GF-A), wetted with 150 ml of NP30.
Air sensitivity remains a critical limitation for the commercialization of layered oxides as sodium cathode materials.
Consequently, full cells assembled with this optimized hard carbon anode achieve an energy density of 165.2 Wh•kg -1 .
Cycling in sodium cells was not tested, likely due to the dominance of P2 and O3-type phases for sodium-ion batteries.
These differences underscore the need for tailored electrolyte and anode designs to enhance SIB safety and stability .
In a typical hard carbon Raman spectrum, two important peaks are identified, D and G, in the visible wavelength range.
All diffraction peaks are indexed to the R3c space group of the rhombohedral NASICON structure without any impurities.
O3-type compounds also yield higher voltages since the NaM X 2 end member is usually most stable in the O3 structure .
Constructing various defects is considered to be a common viable means of improving the performance of sodium storage.
The best alternative over the LIBs are sodium ion batteries (SIBs) because of low cost sodium and widespread material.
Hence, a combination of these parameters could be applied to estimate the electrochemical performance of hard carbons.
Some authors indicate that the pore-filling on the plateau region can occur in association with sodium intercalation .
The SEI-independent pre-desolvation on the hard carbon will inevitably generate a new SEI inside the nanopore (I-SEI).
The electron-rich, negatively charged CN would then attract the sodium ions through its pores to the carbon electrode.
Sodium metal (Aldrich, purity 99.9 %) for counter electrodes was cut into 13 mm discs and pressed on Al discs (16 mm).
The air-electrodes were fabricated by forming with Ni nanoparticles inside the porous Nasicon of the duplex structure.
The calcination temperatures for P2/P3-NaMNO, P3-NaMNO, and P2-NaMNO material were 850, 700, and 900 °C, respectively.
Based on this, compact coin full cell was fabricated to verify the match feasibility of NVOPF/KB and hard carbon (HC).
So far, there are very few reports on the direct use of Sb-based MOF materials as electrodes for sodium-ion batteries.
Ye et al. produced the self-generated hollow NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 nanocubes with graphene for use in sodium-ion batteries.
Na-ion batteries are considered as next-generation battery technology in light of the abundant and low cost of sodium.
Na was difficult to remove from both Sn-coated NaSICON coupons, regardless of Sn thickness, as shown in Fig. 3d and3f.
Meanwhile, the P2-type ones show superior rate capability and cycling stability, and appropriate specific capacity 3 .
Na/Na + ), and mainly during the first cycles, the sacrificial salt is decomposed while releasing sodium ions and gas.
However, this phenomenon of "c-axis shrinkage" is utterly different from the most of common P2-type cathode materials.
With a negative polarization, sodium ions insert into the free sites within three-dimensional Na + migration pathways.
Qiu et al. revealed the "adsorptionintercalation" storage mechanism of sodium ions by in situ XRD and non-in situ NMR.
Although the rate capabilities of this material are smaller than that of NaCoO2, thermal stabilities are much better .
The final endothermic reaction, occurring around 900 °C, relates to the formation of O3-type NaMnO₂ in the structure .
These indicate structural transformation of the material due to a large volume of sodium insertion into the structure.
Similarly, sodium-ion batteries function based on the same principle, where sodium ions travel between the electrodes.
This work provides new insights into the environmental performance between sodium-ion battery and lithium-ion battery.
Sodium-ion batteries are a potentially low-cost and safe alternative to the prevailing lithium-ion battery technology.
The Na-ion diffusivity in Na3MCl6 (M = Cr, Er, and Gd) was calculated using the MSD derived from the AIMD simulations.
The EIS was performed on the sodium-ion batteries before and after various cycles with a current density of 1 A g -1 .
The incorporation of the functional group TTF endowed CityU-26 with excellent Na ion storage capability as SIB anodes.
Therefore, they hypothesised that the porous regions within hard carbon can be approximated by curved graphene sheets.
In P2-type, all the Na ions are accommodated in prismatic sites, and the oxygen ions are stacked in an "ABBA" fashion.
CF and LF were carbonized at 1,300 °C to produce hard carbon and their physical properties were analyzed and compared.
Olive pomace's hard carbon has a good specic capacity and cyclic stability, according to electrochemical experiments.
The different parameters obtained by Rietveld refinement for P2-type structure are presented in supplementary Table 1.
The proposed synthesis strategy can be extended to obtain analogues of Prussian blue based on other transition metals.
The latter compound, often referred to as a Prussian blue analogue, exhibits a triclinic structure (Space Group: P-1).
This type of material generally has a high operating voltage when used as a cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
This step allowed a greater degree of control over the final electrochemical properties of the resulting hard carbon .
After 1000 cycles at 20 C, 70.4% capacity retention was maintained, which surpass many other reported O3-type cathode.
This suggests that using a combustion pre-treatment assists in decreasing the quantity of the undesired NaFePO 4 phase.
NaFePO 4 has maricite and olivine crystal type, while the maricite crystal type has inferior electrochemical activity .
The opposite occurs during discharge, where Na-ions are inserted into the framework and Fe in the framework is reduced.
Due to its diverse advantages, the sodium-ion battery (SIB) has become a research hotspot of energy storage technology.
Beyond this point, sodium metal plating at the outside of the carbon pore system and particles initiates below 0 V (vs.
S7 †), highlighting the pathway of SEI formation through the bulk and grain boundaries of the NASICON during sodiation.
Another process, producing the sugar from the sugar beet, which is used as a precursor for the hard carbon preparation.
The main contributor is the production of the sugar required as a hard carbon precursor (16%) and thus the anode (29%).
Qian et al. have previously proposed Sb/C SIB anodes showing a capacity of 575 mAh g -1 over 100 cycles at 0.1 A g -1 .
On the hard carbon cycled in 1 M NaPF 6 /EC:DEC or 0.5 M NaTFSA/DME electrolytes, NaF was detected as an SEI component.
She is devoting herself to develop hard carbon anodes with excellent cycle life and satisfactory fast-charging ability.
The almost overlapped charge-discharge curves indicate that the hard carbon anode remains stable after aging (Fig. 6b).
This makes it a promising highperformance anode material for next-generation Li-ion (LIBs) and Na-ion (SIBs) batteries.
The pore size of hard carbon is 0.5 nm, which is smaller than the spacing of potassium-intercalated graphite (0.53 nm).
As expected, the energy potential barrier required to activate Na + transport in Na0.55 is much lower than that of Na1.
In this context, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have garnered considerable attention as an alternative technology to LIBs.
As such, studies have investigated various SIB anode materials, including alloys, metal oxides, and organic compounds .
Further, we use SoftBV GUI tool to evaluate the sodium-ion migration behavior within the bulk of the cathode material .
Na 2 Fe 2 OS 2 is the rst example of a cathode material for Na-ion batteries with an anti-Ruddlesden-Popper structure.
The work suggests new strategies for best practice characterisation of porous insertion materials such as hard carbons.
Ultrathin SnS 2 nanosheets/rGF hybrids were prepared and used as binder-free electrodes of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
In summary, we have successfully synthesized phase pure P3-type K 0.6 Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 O 2 via a facile solid-state route.
The schematic representation of sodium ion insertion or extraction, XRD and FTIR graphs have shown below in the Fig. 4.
A cheap, eco-friendly and easy feasible procedure to prepare hard carbon for supercapacitor application was successful.
Here we report a controllable precipitation method to synthesize high-performance Prussian blue for sodium-ion storage.
This result again confirms that the inferior cycling performance of bare CoSe 2 is mainly due to poor Na-ion diffusion.
Sodium insertion in hard carbon is modelled by considering Na occupying two types of sites with distinct energy levels.
Diffusion stability of sodium ion in CoSe 2 @CNTs-MXene under different electrolytes could get further insight by GITT.
Thus finally leads to poor capability rate and unstable sodium storage capacity while charging and discharging process.
The study of promising compounds for use as cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIB) is highly relevant today .
Especially, the PDA-derived N-doped porous carbon can provide more active sites for Na-ion storage than undoped carbon.
The electrochemical properties of CF-1300C and LF-1300C as SIB anode materials were thoroughly investigated [Figure 6].
Besides, the practicality of the NFS@KB cathode was further demonstrated by assembling a NFS@KB//hard carbon full cell.
Iron-based Prussian blue analogs are promising low-cost and easily prepared cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
Our results infer that KB might be a promising conductor in the applications of alloying anode in sodium-ion batteries.
CC@1400 °C electrodes were used as working electrodes whereas sodium metal (Aldrich) was used as the counter electrode.
Among them, optimizing the electrolyte is critical to improving the energy storage performance of sodium-ion batteries.
Subsequently, iron-and manganese-based Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) are highly attractive options for cathodes in NIBs.
Therefore, the prepared yolk-shell SnSe 2 @Se-C material exhibits superior cycle stability and sodium storage kinetics.
This profile suggests that sodium ions were inserted directly into heat-treated hard carbon derived from mangrove char.
P3-type materials are typically formed by the extraction of sodium ions from O3-type positive electrodes upon charging.
In recent years, high-level hard carbon materials have been prepared to obtain satisfactory electrochemical properties.
Moreover, the further modification optimization of hard carbon materials is quite meaningful for practical application.
The results revealed that addition of polystyrene modifies the structure of hard carbons by adding extra macroporosity.
In summary, we have determined the diffusion mechanism in the prototypical layered Na-ion battery material Na x CoO 2 .
Yet limited progress has been achieved from the viewpoint of identifying suitable anode materials for Na-ion batteries.
NaMnF, an Mn-based Prussian blue, was synthesized by a coprecipitation method with the assistance of a chelating agent.
Conversion reaction: The negative material is chemically converted to embed sodium ions in the lattice and store energy.
Na-ion related knowledge must be deeply explored to introduce new alternative energy storage systems in the near future.
An aluminum foil and sodium metal foil were attached to the working and reference/counter electrode sides, respectively.
Therefore, it is important to consider the limited solubility of Mg 2+ in the NASICON when introducing the Mg 2+ dopant.
The thickness of Sb2O3 nanobelts is ~20 nm (Fig. 2c,2d), which can significantly shorten diffusion time for sodium ions.
Dahn et al were among the first ones to discover the applicability of hard carbons as the anode of sodium-ion batteries.
This passivation layer on the electrode results in the trapping of some sodium ions on the defect sites or nanoclusters.
Table S1 † lists the sodium ion diffusion coefficients at peak positions for all samples at a scan rate of 0.5 mV s À1 .
Hu et al. found that the sodium storage behavior was affected by the particle size of Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 (Pan et al., 2013b).
These findings were confirmed by Zhang et al. 75 using a polyacrylonitrile polymer as a hard carbon nanofiber precursor.
The energy density of F-HC products in this study was compared with that in previously reported SIB cathodes (Table S3).
Most other SIB cell chemistries show slightly to moderately increased values, ranging from 3 to 17% above the reference.
Sol-gel synthesis involves minimum initial investment and can produce nano-sized particles enhance sodium-ion diffusion.
Therefore, the structure of Mn 2 O 3 obtained from MnCO 3 (S) precursor is likely to enhance Na-ion storage performance.
Electrochemical tests were carried out using CR2032 coin-type cells, consisting of the cathode and a sodium metal anode.
It is assigned to an O3 0 a-NaMnO 2 impurity present in small amounts and not detected in the XRD data, as shown in Fig.
Zhang et al. have reported a composite SIB anode (Sb/P@C) that could deliver a capacity of 350 mAh g -1 at 500 mA g -1 .
Other P2-type metal oxides need to be protected immediately after the high-temperature (850-950 °C) sintering procedure.
The exploration of lignin-hard carbon is part of an effort to find sustainable and renewable sources for EDLC materials.
Rechargeable solid-state sodium-ion batteries (SSSBs) hold great promise for safer and more energy-dense energy storage.
One way to adjust the concentration of the Na + charge carrier is to incorporate excess Na + into the NaSICON compounds.
SE and AB provided sodium-ion and electron conduction paths to the active material in the composite positive electrodes.
Under AP (acidication) aspects, a high contribution is obtained for the anode active material (hard carbon) of the SIB.
When evaluated as anodes for sodium-ion batteries, the MoS 2 /C nanocomposite exhibits good electrochemical performance.
The SnS/C nanocomposites exhibited superior electrochemical performance, compared to bare SnS, for sodium ion batteries.
In P2-type materials, phase transitions at high degree of desodiation can be mitigated by doping (Gonzalo et al., 2021).
The Warburg impedance of NTP/C and NTP/G implies that Na-ions have a larger diffusion coefficient in the NTP/C material.
For the positive electrode materials, Prussian blue analogues, polyanionic compounds and oxides are widely investigated.
As shown here, this doping strategy is also designed to address the structural stability and phase behavior of NASICONs.
This decreased intensity is a sign that the local structure around Fe has become more symmetric after Na-ion extraction.
The safety issues of SIB anode materials pose major technological challenges, particularly for large-scale applications.
In Table 1, the electrochemical performance of recent reported O3-type layered cathode materials for SIBs are presented.
Carbonate-based solvents are widely utilized in SIB electrolytes due to their strong ability to dissociate sodium salts.
New materials have been introduced and evaluated as electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) in recent years.
The curvature of the graphene layer, represented by l R , sheds light on the performance differences among hard carbons.
The outstanding In summary, we report a novel high-entropy O3-type layered cathode for solid-state sodium-ion batteries.
Li Tao et al. 93 correlated the storage mechanism of K ions in soybeans-derived hard carbon with different morphologies.
Furthermore, Fig. 6a, b present the partial density of states (PDOS) for ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5 as a function of energy.
This structure has a better carbon layer arrangement than hard carbon, which results in enhanced electrical conductivity.
First, sodium is abundant in nature, making sodium-ion batteries more cost-effective due to the breadth of raw materials.
In this perspective, we present an overview of the most common synthesis routes used for producing Na-ion LTMO materials.
Our results suggest that KB might be a promising conductor in the applications of alloying anode in sodium-ion batteries.
Seven commercially relevant SIB cell chemistries (P2/O3 NMMT, O3-ZNMT, O3-NFM111, NVPF, NFPP, Fe-PBA, and Mn-PBA, all vs.
In addition to SnO 2 , the reported strategy may also work in other metal oxides for pseudocapacitive sodium-ion storage.
The electrochemical performances of as-prepared hard carbon samples were first tested after assembling Na-ion half cells.
For x = 1.2 and x = 1.4, the NASICON phases were observed; however, tiny peaks of an unidentified impurity were detected.
Impressively, the asobtained lled carbon exhibited outstanding electrochemical performances in LIB, SIB and PIB devices.
In their study, the SIB with an energy density of 128 Wh kg À1 led to a cradle-togate impact of 140 kg CO 2 -eq. kWh À1 .
The CV curves of the three hard carbon electrodes appear to be similar, suggesting a comparable sodium storage mechanism.
This study provides important information about stress evolution in a commercially relevant sodium-ion battery electrode.
The initial overpotential in the SnNaSICONSn-100 cell was lower than that of the uncoated NaSICON-100 cell by nearly 1 V.
Their characteristics and electrochemical performance have been compared with those of apple (pectin)derived hard carbon.
Li et al synthesized hard carbon-doped by nitrogen, which was additionally modified by doping of phosphorus quantum dots.
The model of Prussian blue Analogs was constructed using 2 × 2 × 2 supercells surrounded by periodic boundary conditions.
The framework structure ensured efficient electronic transport and multiple ionic pathways for fast sodium ion transport.
Therefore, limiting some of the solvent molecules migration will increase the de-solvated process of Na + and the t Na+ .
With the increase in the concentration of Na-ions, the theoretical capacity of the TaS 2 / GeC heterostructure increases.
During the last decade, several companies developed the first generation of sodium-ion batteries for commercial purposes.
While for O3-type, ion-doping can suppress its transition into P2 or P3-type in the Na + intercalation/extraction course.
C/FePO 4 has been chosen as positive electrode to test the electrochemical behavior of the proposed NASICON electrolytes.
Various sodium storage mechanisms, such as pseudo-capacitance and sodium insertion, have been proposed for this material.
According to recent market forecasts, the global sodium-ion battery market is expected to exceed USD 4.3 billion by 2030.
The diffusion process of sodium ions along and across the TBs of ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 was studied by theoretical calculations.
The as-prepared SCs exhibited excellent Na-ion storage performance, indicating their potential for high-performance NIBs.
The resulting CV curves (Fig. 9A) provide insights into the sodium-ion storage mechanisms within different HC structures.
Clearly, the electrochemical characteristics of Mn 2 O 3 in Na-ion storage is promising and needs to be further explored.
With the development of PIBs, the hard carbon as an anode with strong competitiveness has attracted widespread attention.
Full batteries containing desodiated and sodiated Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 were characterized using CV and galvanostatic cyling.
The hard carbon preparation does not have a crushing process like graphite, so that no nano-scale powders are introduced.
Development of high-energy-density anode is crucial for practical application of Na-ion battery as a post Li-ion battery.
We are also interested in determining the impact from carbon black additive on the performance of hard carbon electrodes.
Twenty microliter electrolytes were added to the hard carbon and the cell was assembled in a glovebox filled with Ar gas.
Fluorinated hard carbon materials have been considered to be a good candidate of cathode materials of Li/ CF x batteries.
The Na-ion full cells were assembled by using graphite anodes and Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 cathodes with optimal mass ratios.
The as-fabricated hard carbon anodes were punched into 22 mm diameter discs and dried at 170 °C overnight in a glove box.
Basically, hard carbon stores sodium ions through an "adsorption-intercalation-pore filling" mechanism (Sun et al. 2024).
This comprehensive design mitigates thermal runaway risks, ensuring enhanced safety for sodium-ion battery applications .
Herein, we report for the first time the use of a protic ionic liquid as a component of a new Na-ion battery electrolyte.
This work may provide a possible route to utilize PLH and a promising SIB anode material with high Na storage capability.
Figure 12.c presents a typical SAXS profile of hard carbon, where the intensity is a function of a scattering vector (q).
In general, total ionic conductivities of more than 1 mS/cm have already been reported for certain NASICON compositions .
Moreover, sodium storage during the sloping region leads to a greater electrode expansion compared to the plateau region.
The Na|NASICON|Na symmetric cell was placed in a customized solid-state pressure cell with an internal pressure of 3 MPa.
In summary, we have investigated the stabilization effects of Mg and Ca doping on a P2-type Ni/Mn-based cathode material.
However, the slow sodium ion diffusion and low intrinsic electronic conductivity limit their energy storage performance .
To date, miscellaneous anode candidates of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been attempted as anode materials for SIHCs .
A subset of the predicted compositions is experimentally explored, leading to the successful synthesis of eight NASICONs.
Therefore, in this aspect, hard carbon anodes are preferred for widespread application in PIBs over sodium ion batteries.
An evolving mesoscale structure impacting electrode performance is a critical behavior of Sn anodes in the Na-ion system.
Interestingly, after aging for 1 h in Na-ion half-cell at -25 °C, the potential of Ti 3 C 2 -N funct reduced 0.05 V (Fig.
In different process, such as manufacture, recycle, LIB also have lower GWP than SIB because of the lower energy density.
By including NaTi2(PO4)3 and Na0.66[Mn0.66Ti0.34] O2, this SEI raises the Naion battery's electrochemical range to 2.5 V.
To investigate sodium insertion into the hard carbon pores during discharge, we tracked the change in the SANS intensity.
Particularly, Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 has attracted recently more attention as potential cathode for sodium-ion batteries.
During potassiation, the potassium ions are driven by the external electric field and migrate into the hard carbon layer.
For the calculations of sodium on defective graphitic surfaces, we used graphene to simulate the hard carbon basal plane.
The full SIB used in this work utilizes a hard carbon anode that was presodiated to reduce the irreversible capacity 26 .
The gradual increase in overpotential could be attributed to the formation of a surface layer at the Na|NaSICON interface.
Further, the NVPF electrode material will lay down a new pathway for Na-ion hybrid capacitor and Na-ion aqueous batteries.
As electrolyte 1 M NaClO 4 in PC was used for Na-ion batteries and 1 M LiPF 6 in EC:DMC (1:1 by wt.) for Li-ion batteries.
The sodium storage performance of TiO 2 and TiO 2 -G was evaluated in cells with a sodium metal anode (ESI † for details).
This has sparked interest in the development of halide-based Na-ion solid electrolytes (HNISEs) as potential alternatives.
The extremely low diffusion barrier of Na atom can bring to ultrafast charging/discharging cycles in the Na-ion batteries.
The electrochemical properties of P2-Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 cathode was evaluated in Na-half cells at room temperature.
Recent progress towards achieving high current densities through NaSICON in these molten salt systems will also be shared.
Although it is difficult to find Na-ion batteries which achieve substantial specific capacities at voltages above 3 V (vs.
Here, we employ our HMF-HC as a model to explore the effect of FEC additives on sodium storage in this class of materials.
All samples are named as NaSICON-X or SnNaSICONSn-X, where X denotes the current density applied to the cell in mA cm -2 .
S19a † indicates the P2-type phase of NaFM-F, and the crystal parameters derived from the Rietveld renement results (Fig.
In summary, this review has critically examined the progress made in Na-deficient P2-type layered oxide cathodes for SIBs.
We also propose an effective strategy to limit the probability and damage of a thermal runaway event during SIB operation.
Finally, to better understand the mechanism for sodium storage, the nature of the charge storage process was interrogated.
The database incorporates an extensive array of NASICON compositions, providing a rich foundation for predictive modeling.
The freestanding SIB anode overcame many conventional limitations along with efficient control over polysulfide shuttling.
The -layer spacing of hard carbon is typically between 0.37 nm and 0.40 nm, much bigger than that of graphite at 0.335 nm.
The sodium symmetric battery undergoes critical current density (CCD) testing using sodium metal as the working electrode.
In this work the Prussian Blue Analogue nickel hexacyanoferrate (Ni-HCF) was produced using an all electrochemical method.
The sodium storage capacity of SbPO 4 /BC x is higher than those of Sb-based anodes reported previously (Table S2, ESI †).
For sodium-ion batteries, aluminum foil can be adopted as the current collector for both positive and negative electrodes.
Meanwhile, carbon layers provide well-ordered channels throughout the structure, facilitating the transfer of sodium ions.
Stick-type sodium metal and microporous polypropylene film were used as the counter electrode and separator, respectively.
Therefore, the rate capability of F-HC as a SIB anode further improves through the optimization of electrolyte components.
Sodium-ion batteries have attracted more and more attention, and many companies have deployed the sodium battery industry.
Vacancies or doping defects can lower the migration energy barrier for sodium ions and increase the diffusion coefficient.
Nagelberg and Worrell studied the thermodynamics of TiS 2 via the intercalation of sodium ions into the layered structure.
Amongst all, alloying-type materials that mainly include Sn, Sb, Si, Ge, and P are the most explored SIB anode materials .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have received intensive attentions owing to the abundant and inexpensive sodium (Na) resource.
In summary, we have developed a GO-doping strategy for the synthesis of hard carbon with a very low specific surface area.
Liquidphase synthesis of highly dispersed NaFeF 3 particles and their electrochemical properties for sodium-ion batteries.
In contrast, the morphology of the NaMNO 2 particles changed after long-term cycling (Fig. 8d and Supplementary Fig. 16b).
Delivery of high capacity with good retention is a challenge in developing cathodes for rechargeable sodium-ion batteries.
When researching cathodes for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), research mainly focuses on three major categories of compounds.
In general, hybridization with carbon materials is an effective strategy to improve the sodium storage performance of NFS.
Over 20 different SiB cathode compositions were screened together with three state-of-the-art LiB-cathodes for comparison.
The consistent stability of Na 2 Mg 3 Cl 8 and Mg 3 Cl 8 is crucial for their use as solid electrolytes in Na-ion battery.
From Fig. 6d, e, it can be clearly observed that the D Na+ of CuMgTi-571 at high voltage is higher than those of NaMNO 2 .
In this case, the powder system will change from the hard carbon/graphite hybrid system to two independent powder systems.
In this paper, the sodiation and desodiation of a hard carbon anode is studied by EIS at different states of charge (SOC).
Meanwhile, the layered-columnar structures composed of 3-phosphonopropionic acid has a lower sodium ion migration barrier.
The peaks in the dQ$dV -1 curve are related to the reversible (de)intercalation of sodium ions at a specic voltage range.
For this need, minor metal free Na-ion batteries are attractive as rechargeable batteries with excellent cost performance.
BVSE calculations reveal that these layeredcolumnar structures feature two-dimensional sodium ion migration channels (Fig.
For the full-cell tests, the NTP-M composite on the 14 mm Al foil was used as the anode for testing the Na-ion full-cells.
The carbonization temperature also plays an important role in the formation of pore structure of wood-derived hard carbon.
Compared with ester-based electrolytes, ether-based electrolytes endow hard carbon with high ICE and good rate capability.
On the other hand, with the help of activating reagents 62 , porous hard carbon could be fabricated from lignin precursors.
Furthermore, the TaS 2 /GeC heterostructure demonstrates excellent potential as an anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
The NASICON type LiTi2(PO4)3 (LTP) has shown very promising properties in terms of chemical/thermal stability and low cost.
Despite these advances, the long-term cyclability and detailed sodium storage mechanisms still need to be further explored.
We measured the sodium ion diffusion coefficient (D Na + ) using the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT).
The PBAs without sodium ions in the framework will decompose rapidly after a certain temperature (such as 250 °C for LSPB).
Now, the transition metal oxide system and Prussian blue derivatives as cathode materials have high technological maturity.
Thus, a pre-sodiated hard carbon anode was paired with the C-NaCrO 2 cathode, with a N/P capacity ratio of 1.2 (Figure 6A).
Sodium ions were extracted from the Na 2 site in Na 3 VM(PO 4 ) 3 , while it was from the Na 1 site in Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 .
Also, higher valence states of transition metals are available for the reversible redox activity in the NASICON structure .
The surface morphology of the hard carbon anode aer 10 cycles was scrutinized using SEM and atomic force microscopy (AFM).
In comparison, the sodium of Na-ion batteries (NIBs), while having similar properties to Li, is more abundant and cheaper .
The t-BTO cores are polarized by the electric field which increases the effective electric field in the hard carbon shells.
A clear correlation between the presence of closed pores and the properties of the materials in sodium storage is observed.
In addition, the huge resource of sulfide materials in natural mines offers scalable, low-cost, and sustainable SIB anodes.
The dual-doping approach achieved the improved interface compatibility between the electrolyte and sodium metal, as stated.
The important role of defects in the insertion capacity has already been observed in hard carbon used in KIBs and NIBs 40 .
FeS is a common LIB and SIB anode material due to its high theoretical capacity, low cost, and controllable microstructure.
Herein, we report a simple preparation method for SnS/C nanocomposites, and their application to sodium-ion battery anodes.
Therefore, existing studies were screened not only for the CF of SIB cells but also for the associated cell energy density.
This study showed that the behavior of hollow hard carbon nanospheres conformed to the "adsorptionintercalation" mechanism.
This review provides a deep understanding of the Ti's roles in the development of novel materials for sodium-ion batteries.
Jiang et al. designed an electrolyte additive containing two -C≡N groups that enabled a stable SIB cycling at high voltage.
To optimize the SIB anode performance in the C compositing of RP, various modest synthetic modifications have been adapted.
The NaSICON-23h cell exhibits a similar drop (Figure 1c) after the first DC current interval, dropping from 18.7 to 11.9 Ω.
NASICON-type solid electrolytes are promising materials for novel solid-statebatteries aiming toward high energy densities.
We have simply prepared novel SnS/C nanocomposites through a top-down approach as anode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
It indicates that addition of graphene does not change the fundamental sodium insertion electrochemistry of anatase TiO 2 .
The pouch cell was assembled using the layered transition metal oxides as the positive and the hard carbon as the negative.
The electrolyte is mainly composed of sodium salt and organic solvent, which is used to assist the transfer of sodium ions.
Then, the hard carbon electrodes were recovered from the cells under Ar atmosphere, washed with DMC, and dried in a vacuum.
Obviously, the closed pore content in hard carbon is related to the crystalline cellulose content in its wood precursor 8 .
Further studies on sodium storage behavior were conducted using FArGO, the CrGO with the better sodium storage performance.
While HE strategies have succeeded in layered oxide cathodes, their application in NASICON materials remains underexplored.
In addition, there is no obvious impact on swelling by adding hard carbon for cycling at the temperature of 45˚C (S5 Fig) .
The cathodes are classified according to their structure, namely, Prussian blue, NASICON, olivine, tunnel-type, and oxides.
Electrodes composed of the respective carbons and 10 mass% CMC were prepared to evaluate the sodium-ion storage capacities.
Specifically, for the Na-ion LTMO system, several complex problems can occur that complicate data acquisition and analysis.
There remain problems that must be solved to improve the reversibility of sodium ion flow during electrochemical reactions.
In summary, we systematically studied the influences of conductive carbons on the red P composites in sodium-ion batteries.
The third sodium ion is reversible and accessible via Ti 3+ /Ti 4+ redox at 2.1 V by lowering the cut-off voltage to 1.5 V.
The Galvanostatic charge and discharge curves of P3-type Na 2/3 Mg 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 (versus Na + /Na) are shown in Figure 2a.
Recently, room-temperature sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) have been considered a safer energy storage technology than HT-NSBs.
The as-prepared SnO nanorods were used as the anode material 2 + for Na-ion batteries and cycled between 0.01 and 3.0 V vs.
Obviously, A-SnS 2 @G displays smaller overpotentials when comparing with SnS 2 /G, corroborating a higher D Na+ (Fig. 5f).
Because, at the same etching time, those organic-related bonds are absent in pristine hard carbons (Supplementary Fig. 10).
Similar phenomena were also observed in some other P2-type layered compounds in the high-voltage phase transitions region .
The Na-ion cells, on the other hand, were cycled between 1.75 to 4.5 V in a hybrid cell starting with a Li-containing host.
The electrode reaction involves n electron transfer, while C o signies the concentration of sodium ions in the bulk phase.
Hu et al. have also reported a composite derived from Sb 2 Se 3 @rGO with a highly commendable performance as an SIB anode .
The electrochemical properties of both the NFPP-E and the NFPP-C samples were tested in coin cells with sodium metal anodes.
China's "14th Five-Year Plan" for new energy storage explicitly points out the development of sodium-ion battery technology.
The EELS map was obtained from the reconstruction of EELS spectra from the surface of the cycled O3-type positive electrode.
C Chen et al. 124 reported the fabrication of nitrogen-doped micro-spherical hard carbon using chitin as a carbon precursor.
The nitrogen doping could introduce defects on the graphene sheets, making the feasible transport of large-sized sodium ion.
The denser shaded portion in Na1 compared to Na0.55 implies that Ni has more intralayer and interlayer migration tendencies.
X-ray diffraction analysis also shows that the powder exhibits monoclinic NaSICON (Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 ) crystal structure.
This facilitates the rapid storage capacity of sodium ions in high voltage regions (>0.1 V) to improve the rate performance.
However, its sodium storage capability is limited by narrow potential window and low redox activity in aqueous electrolytes.
Metal sulfides have attracted significant attention in sodium-ion battery research owing to their high theoretical capacity.
Sodium ion batteries have attracted great attention for large scale energy storage devices to replace lithium ion batteries.
It was found that the carbonization temperature is closely linked to the lattice characteristics of PLH-derived hard carbon.
The improved Na-ion diffusion kinetics of the SnSe 2 @NC nanocubes results in a superior rate performance as anode for SIBs.
Our findings provide insights into the application of Prussian blue analogues as fast-charging negative electrode materials.
The sodium ions diffuse into the Na 3 VP lattice and locate at the partially occupied Na2 site to form a pure Na 4 VP phase.
According to species and sodium storage mechanism, the anode materials of SIBs may generally be categorized into five types.
The composition of SIB mainly includes a positive electrode, negative electrode, diaphragm, electrolyte and fluid collector.
High rate capability and long cycle life are challenging goals for the development of room temperature sodium-ion batteries.
This study investigates the potential of CoFe 2 O 4 synthesised via the molten salt method as an anode for Na-ion batteries.
However, for HG4, the excessive spherical hard carbons slip out the voids and cover the graphite surfaces after calendering.
CIF files: (a,b) from , and (c) from . existing in P 4 2 /mnm space group with sodium ions distributed in two sodium sites .
Pursuing low-cost and high-performance anode materials is of great importance for developing practical sodium ion batteries.
Similarly, Na-ion batteries were also made using a Na anode and a 1 M solution of NaClO 4 in PC was used as the electrolyte.
Such phenomenon indicates that new phases such as spinel or rock-salt were formed in the charged NaMNO 2 during the heating.
The new microstructure appeared similar to the typical cube-like features of the pristine NaSICON but was noticeably darker.
The crystallite size was calculated from Scherer formula and it was found that for corncob derived hard carbon material i.e.
Through the same procedure, but without the presence of colloid silicon dioxide, a material is synthesized called NASICON 2.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a very promising option, owing to the wide availability and low cost of sodium .
By introducing Na4 sites, sodium ion occupancy of the Na1 site (inside nanotube) decreased from unity to ~0.5 in this study.
Many researchers have combined MoS 2 and high conductive Ti 3 C 2 MXene to achieve the high energy for sodium ion batteries.
This work explores alkaline earth metal vanadates for sodium-ion battery anodes and may open a direction for energy storage.
The first-cycle charge and discharge capacities of the sodium-ion full cell are 1072 and 796 mAh g -1 , as shown in Fig. 7b.
We also performed XRD analysis on a cycled electrode (after 50 cycles), which revealed a P2-type structure in the bulk (Fig.
Therefore, the co-precipitation approach is currently predominantly utilized for the preparation of Prussian blue analogues.
This article mainly discusses the advantages and disadvantages of the three main cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
The NaCoPO 4 cathode material was synthesized by an ionothermal method using green solvents such as a deep eutectic solvent.
And compare to the electrochemical performance in Li-ion battery, TiHCF exhibits a high specific capacity in Na-ion battery.
No alloy formation with sodium metal was observed, thus confirming its use with a wide range of active materials such as HC.
In this study all the four lignin derived hard carbon products are sp 2 -sp 3 hybrid structure, like their lignin precursor.
This work has presented a new key insight into the mass transport and failure mechanism in a solid-state sodium-ion battery.
In this work, a stable symmetric sodium-ion battery based on bipolar active material O3-type Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 is developed.
Reflections from the NaSICON phase appear at 1000 °C and their intensities increase with increasing calcination temperature.
Ji et al. then investigated the structure changes of soft carbon during sodium storage in detail using in-situ TEM and XRD .
Qi et al. found that NaFSI-PEO has good compatibility and interfacial stability with sodium metal and SIB cathode materials.
The graphere microcrystalline (GMC), first reported in reference 35 of Du's group, actually is a type of hard carbon 56,57 .
Numerous researchers have been focused on alternative batteries, such as Na-ion, K-ion, Al-ion, Mg-ion batteries and so on .
Na + /Na. 11 This means sodiation of bismuth should occur at a significantly higher potential than sodiation of hard carbon.
The sodium storage mechanism of conversion anodes is the conversion reaction, which is similar to the substitution reaction.
The first five constant current intervals in the NaSICON-100 cell exhibited slightly increasing voltage plateaus near 1.5 V.
Nevertheless, the Na-ion storage mechanisms and SEI formation are reviewed and are correlated to the hard carbon properties.
In fact, the impact of N and S functional groups on the irreversible capacity of hard carbon in NIBs is scarcely documented.
As a result, the growth of sodium dendrites was prevented and the stability of interaction between sodium metal was improved.
While β-NaMnO 2 has a zigzag layer structure, which is made up of two edge-sharing stacks of the MnO 6 octahedra and Na ion .
To further explore the sodium-ion storage mechanism in the plateau region, ex situ 23 Na MAS NMR measurements were conducted.
To accurately characterize sodium storage of HC, we used synchrotron radiation in situ XRD and ex-situ solid-state 23 Na NMR.
NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 is a promising anode material for sodium-ion batteries due to its sodium-super-ion-conductor type structure.
Senguttuvan et al. rst reported layered Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 as a sodium insertion host for an efficient low voltage anode in 2011.
Ball milling at 500 rpm with dry ice (CO2) was used to modify the hard carbon oxygen-based functionalities (Figure 5.g) 110 .
ABSTRACT Na-ion O3-type layered oxides are prospective cathodes for Na-ion batteries due to high energy density and low-cost.
Whether the pore size and crystalline structure could be changed during the sodium-ion storage process is a scientific issue.
To quell this need, sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) are being deliberated as a likely substitute to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs).
Similar estimates for the LFP (340 TWh) and SIB scenarios (355 TWh) underscore the substantial rise in overall energy demand.
Although lithium-ion batteries currently lead the market, sodium-ion batteries present a more abundant and affordable option.
A hard carbon (Kuranode, Kurary) negative electrode was made (88 wt% active material: 9 wt% PVDF binder: 3 wt% carbon black).
In this context, the sodium storage performances of Sb@C yolkshell spheres with different h void were investigated in detail.
As a result, the process was found to increase burdens by the deeper hydrometallurgical processing of LiFP and SIB batteries.
In the case of P2-type materials, the value of "x" in Na x MO 2 is typically 2/3, leaving many vacancies in the alkali layer.
First, we studied the electrochemical Li-ion (de)intercalation property of the NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 anode in Li half cells.
In addition, we also fabricated polypyrrole (PPy)-coated Fe 3 O 4 nanospheres to make all-iron-based low-cost SIB full cells.
The large semicircle diameter is attributed to a large interfacial charge transfer resistance between the Na and the NaSICON.
It suggests that increasing the length of diffusion pathways of Na-ions and resulting in unsatisfactory CoFe 2 O 4 behaviour.
The sodium storage kinetics is further investigated through cyclic voltammetry (CV) analysis at various scan rates (Fig. 1e).
During the charging process, sodium ions are extracted from the cathode and migrate through the electrolyte toward the anode.
Li + /Li) , NaVPO 4 F (operating voltage of ~3.7V vs. hard carbon in a SIB) and Na 3 M 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 (with M = Ti, Fe, V) .
Together, these advances offer pathways toward optimizing LTMO materials for next-generation sodium-ion battery technologies.
Here, we intended to investigate the effect of the presence of titanium vacancies on the sodium storage mechanism of anatase.
So, the high-pressure sample seems to be the optimal hard carbon on this range of pressure for electrochemistry applications.
SC-800 had the lowest R ct , which facilitated the charge transfer and was thus beneficial to the Na-ion storage performance.
Therefore, the sodium ion storage capacity of N-CFs-700 and PN-CFs-700 mainly comes from the pseudo-capacitance contribution.
S3(d) and (f) † show that starting from the second cycle, the coulombic efficiencies of sodium-ion batteries with ILrGO (Fig.
The resulting hard carbon anode delivered a high reversible capacity of 422.0 mAh•g -1 at 30 mA•g -1 in sodium-ion batteries.
Olivine-type phosphates LiFePO 4 and NaFePO 4 are among the most widely studied cathode materials for rechargeable batteries.
Thus, it delivers a modest capacity of 160 mAh g -1 and enhanced rate and cyclic performance, compared with the O'3-NaMnO 2 .
The second category is Prussian blue analogues, which exhibit good operating voltage, cycling stability, and rate capability.
Electrochemical lithium as well as sodium storage tests are compared to the obtained apparent surface areas and pore volumes.
Before carrying out this test, both sides of the NASICON pellets were covered with gold paint, acting as blocking electrodes.
Overall, Nb/V-C electrodes can potentially have a vital impact on achieving widespread usage of large-scale SIB applications.
As shown in the SEM image (Fig. 1g), the surface of the smooth cubic t-BTO particles roughens due to the hard carbon coating.
These appealing merits driven the study of nitrogen doped graphene as an anode material in the field of sodium ion batteries.
Theoretical studies suggest a minimum distance of around 0.37 nm in order to enable reversible intercalation of sodium ions .
In this paper, the influences of conductive carbons on the red phosphorus (P) composites in sodium-ion batteries are studied.
The appropriate phase structure and promising capacitive behavior boost sodium ion transport and reduce capacity attenuation.
As this topic was well reviewed recently in the literature 37 , we focus the last part of this review on the SIB enterprises.
A solid-state architecture for rechargeable sodium-ion batteries has garnered substantial research interest in recent years .
Electrolyte engineering represents the most direct approach for enhancing sodium-ion battery performance at low temperatures.
This study also aims to address the electrochemical insertion of Na + ions into hard carbons, under debate in the literature.
This analysis aims to narrow and close several of these research gaps, especially focusing on industrial-scale SIB production.
Moreover, in our case, even at maximum concentration of oxygen functional groups the band gap is still suitable for SIB anode.
The Na 3 Fe 2 (PO 4 ) 3 synthesis of NASICON type by the given method is an original work, described in a patent application .
As a SIB anode, the Fe 7 Se 8 /N-CNFs retained a high capacity of 286.3 mAh g -1 at an ultrahigh current density of 20 Ag -1 .
Derivatization of mixed vanadium-iron oxide from its respective FeV Prussian blue analog (PBA) was reported for the rst time.
In this section, we discuss NAtrium Super Ionic CONductors (NASICON) type cathode materials, which were first reported by J.B.
Hard carbon anode for sodium-ion batteries is very promising for practical application as a widely sourced and green material.
The dataset consists of four sodium-ion battery cathode materials -NaTMPO 4 (olivine), NaTMPO 4 (maricite), Na 2 TMSiO 4 and .
In this work, we introduce a novel protocol to fabricate P2-NNMO directly from metallic Ni and sodium permanganate (NaMnO 4 ).
Na 3 PO 4 was used as Na and P precursors, and Na 2 CO 3 was used to match the stoichiometry of Na in the Mg-doped vA-NASICON.
The resulting NNMO made from z1 mm commercial Ni powder exhibits an excellent cycling performance as a Na-ion battery cathode.
Therefore, the concentration of charge carriers is not thermally activated, and we can say that ΔG c ≈ 0 in NASICON materials.
Amorphous carbon regions tend to immobilize Na+ ions within disordered structures, contributing to irreversible capacity loss.
The kapok-derived hard carbon materials were prepared by the pre-treatment, pre-oxidation, and high-temperature carbonization.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are on the verge of mass adoption, with several players striving for gigafactory-scale production.
It has been proposed in several studies 42,44 that the mechanism for storing sodium ions in hard carbon is a two-step process.
The crystal structure monotonously shifts from Cmc2 1 to I4/mmm above 4.4 V, with the extraction of sodium ions during charge.
Meanwhile, the diffusion coefficient exhibits excellent symmetry, indicating that sodium ion diffusions are highly reversible.
Firstly, sodium-ion batteries do not have a significant price advantage over lithium-ion batteries via the present technology.
Na3V2 (PO4)3 is a representative NASICON structural material, which has been widely considered as a cathode material for SIBs.
Thus, enhancing the kinetics of anionic redox is crucial for the performance improvement of Mn-based P2-type layered cathodes.
The mini Na-ion battery was fabricated in a quartz capillary (1 mm diameter) in an Ar-filled glove box, and sealed with epoxy.
The larger specific surface area and pore size of NC@SnO 2 are beneficial to the storage and transport of lithium/sodium ions.
With the increasing amount of hard carbon, the peak intensities of oxidation and reduction of dQ/dV curves decrease gradually.
The fourth interval in the SnNaSICONSn-1000 cell exhibited a more gradual decrease in overpotential after current was applied.
Notably, the combination of NVPF cathode and hard carbon anode has been commercialized by Tiamat in a cylindrical cell format.
The good electrochemical performance indicates that this low-cost hard carbon could be a promising anode for Na-ion batteries.
In this work, we consider the intercalation of sodium into a layered oxide Na X TMO 2 cycled against a sodium metal electrode.
Deep insights into the closed pore formation will greatly forward the rational design of hard carbon anode with high capacity.
It is well known that the electrochemical performance of hard carbon anodes is closely related to their K + storage mechanism.
Typical galvanostatic charging and discharging curves of hard carbon in organic solution of sodium salt are shown in Figure 2.
It will provide some inspiration for researchers to carry out studies for commercial application of O3-type cathode materials.
Bismuth is a promising anode material for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) due to its high capacity and suitable working potential.
The as-obtained hard carbon/PVDF slurry was coated on Al foil by a doctor blade and dried at 120 ºC under vacuum for 12 hours.
As presented in Table 1, D Na+ of the NVP/G8 and NVP/C electrode was 1.24 × 10 -13 and 8.72 × 10 -14 cm 2 s -1 , respectively.
A hard carbon anode exhibits a reversible capacity of 300 mA h g -1 at 0.2C and excellent life over 1200 cycles without decay.
Consequently, in the HC-optimized scenario, the majority of the assessed SIB cells exhibit smaller CFs than the LFP benchmark.
Due to the remarkable Li-ion storage capability of MnF 2 8# and MnF 2 8#-E, they were further investigated for Na-ion storage.
Despite some limitations, sodium-ion batteries have great potential for large-scale energy storage and low-power applications.
Moreover, the symmetrical Na-ion full-cell is fabricated using Na 2.85 V 2 (PO 3.95 F 0.05 ) 3 as cathode and anode materials.
Both charge modes M2 and M3 could not resolve the issue of the irreversible capacity related to Na loss of hard carbon anodes.
The energy barriers for Na-ion diffusion in layered oxide with and without B-doping were investigated in Supplementary Fig. 3.
The NASICON structured NZSP (Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 ) is prepared via the solid-state reaction route 5,16,17 depicted in Fig. 1.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) cathodes can host diverse monovalent and multivalent metal ions due to their tunable structure.
The improvement of high temperature performance is mainly due to the different preparation process of hard carbon and graphite.
Our results provide a comprehensive explanation of the Na + diffusion behaviour in NaSICONs to optimize the ionic conductivity.
During de-sodiation the main peaks of the Na 4 -Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 ) that would overlap with NaFePO 4 peaks are decreased.
Trivalent ion substitution within the NASICON structure requires insertion of additional lithium to maintain charge neutrality.
In comparison, Fig. 5(iii) shows high concentrations of Na + ions that extend from the surface towards the bulk of the NASICON.
Herein, we report Sn-P compounds synthesised via a facile solvothermal route and their electrochemical behaviour as SIB anodes.
Under HTP aspects, the SIB (again except the NaNMC and NaMVP) are situated below the LIB already with current energy densities.
In contrast, the D Na+ values of NVO exhibit unstable fluctuations, which can be ascribed to the sluggish phase transition 46 .
NaSICON is used as the solid electrolyte in liquid Na symmetric cells and exposed to unidirectional current for up to 23 hours.
The predicted outcomes from the C-H-O ternary phase diagram lead to the development of hard carbon with the desired properties.
A two-electrode symmetric cell was constructed to investigate the ion-transfer resistance at the NASICON/electrolyte interface.
For temperatures higher than 900 °C, several types of micropores coexist in hard carbon depending on the pyrolysis temperature.
In addition, we also investigate for the first time the sodium storage properties of the pillared and non-pillared Mo 2 TiC 2 .
TMSs as sodium storage materials with a higher theoretical capacity have attracted extensive attention in comparison with TMOs.
Sodium ions are stored in the defects, at the edges of nanosheets, within the pores, and between the expanded graphene layers .
These results demonstrate that P2-layered oxides are promising anode materials for long-life rechargeable sodium-ion batteries.
Cobalt Prussian blue analogue (Co-PBA) has been emerging as a potential candidate to be engineered and match such requirements.
However, lower temperatures or less exposure time is more than sufficient to achieve full crystallization of the NASICON phase.
These findings shed light on the preparation of nanostructured materials and contribute to the development of Na-ion batteries.
The coin cells (CR-2032) were assembled in an argon-lled glove box with sodium metal as both counter and reference electrodes.
Consequently, carbon has not been further explored as a coating for sodium layered oxide materials. 3.4.2 Metal oxide coatings.
Since we focus on the NASICON-derived compounds; we thus proposed and predicted 3 new compounds, i.e., NMVTP, NMVFP, and NMVAP.
Sodium extraction from O3-and P2-type structures, occurring after electrochemical cycling, generally induces phase transitions.
The electrochemical kinetics of the MnF 2 8# and Mn-O-F electrodes for Na-ion storage were further analyzed via EIS tests (Fig.
Upon charging, traditional sodium ion batteries involve insertion of the transporting ion into the negative electrode material.
Via mechanism characterization, we verified that the plateau capacity is related to the filling of sodium ions in closed pores.
This work used Physalis alkekengi L.'s husks as precursors to prepare a series of hard carbon materials via a pyrolysis method.
Based on these considerations, we report a pineconederived hard carbon, made from a cheap and resourceful biomass of pinecones.
Instead, the anode-free technology is based on in-situ plating and stripping of sodium metal directly on the current collector.
The satisfactory sodium storage performance of the a-Sb 2 -S 3 @CuSbS 2 electrode could be attributed to the following factors.
Silicon tetrachloride is reacted with the hydroxide groups on cellulose (cotton wool) before carbonisation to form hard carbon.
Na + /Na related to the sodium insertion/disinsertion from hard carbon. 31,79 In addition, broad peaks around 0.5 and 1.1 V vs.
For example, for specific SIB precursors that are not (yet) produced on a large scale, only a few statements has been reported.
Pouch cell three-electrode system The electrode was made by mixing the Na0.55, Acetylene black and PVDF with a ratio of 92:6:2.
The in situ EIS of Na0.55 and Na1 in the second cycle were performed (Fig. 4a,b) and analyzed by the DRT technique (Fig. 4c,d).
The yield of GC-1000 was calculated to be about 25% according to the weight loss of hard carbon before and after carbonization.
However, the inevitable large radius of K + presents a new challenge to the electrochemical stability of hard carbon materials.
Moreover, the MoS x -GO are used in Li-ion and Na-ion batteries that have high specific capacities and good cycle efficiencies.
Symmetric cells were cycled at different current densities to determine the effect of Sn-coated NaSICON on battery performance.
Nanotechnology has emerged as a crucial factor in revolutionizing the development of both lithium-ion and sodium-ion batteries.
Then, the D Na+ value remains constant with the geomean value of 2.64 × 10 -11 cm 2 s -1 until the sodium content reaches 0.64.
However, practical applications require the development of fast charging sodium-ion-based full-cells with high power densities.
Hard carbon is a promising candidate for potassium ion batteries due to its large interlayer spacing and abundant closed pores.
The Vickers micro-hardness is used to characterize the mechanical properties of the developed solid-state NASICON electrolytes.
Red phosphorus offers a high theoretical sodium capacity and has been considered as a candidate anode for sodium-ion batteries.
TEM samples were prepared by dispersing hard carbon powders in ethanol and drop-casting solution onto a holey carbon film grid.
If the chemical doping of hard carbons can be a considered strategy , it is important to optimize the texture of the materials.
SAXS revealed a decrease in scattering intensity at approximately 0.03 to 0.07 Å -1 originating from the hard carbon nanopores.
There is considerable interest in all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries from the perspectives of safety and resource efficiency.
However, coal derived hard carbon still has a high specic surface area, which is not conducive to the energy of the full cell.
At higher magnifications, Na metal could be visualized between and around the NaSICON grains in these dark regions (Figure S7).
As a proof of concept, SIB anode based on Fe 1-x S/MoS 2 heterostructure exhibits superior rate capability and long cycle life.
After charging to 3 V, the peak returned to its original position, indicating the reversibility of our SCs for Na-ion storage .
This indicates that sodium ions mainly bind to active sites on the carbon surface without penetrating deeply into the structure.
The aqueous Na-ion battery using the BM PBA delivers a high specific capacity, excellent cycling stability and rate performance.
As a result, sodium storage can be facilitated by the facile transfer of sodium ions, leading to an excellent rate performance .
Na 2 Fe 2 (SO 4 ) 3 (NFS), as a promising cathode for sodium-ion batteries, is still plagued by its poor intrinsic conductivity.
In the Olivine phase, sodium ions occupy the 4a sites, forming NaO 6 octahedra that create edge-sharing chains along the b-axis.
The reported layered material, Prussian blue analogue, and organic polymer exhibit moderate cell voltage and cycling stability .
The organic quinone with ionic liquid electrolyte is used in organic sodium ion batteries which gives long life and high energy.
R is the gas constant, F is the Faraday constant, C is the sodium ion concentration of sodium ions, and s is the Warburg factor.
In the case of binary phases MoO 2 /NC, no signicant redox peaks are observed due to the poor Na-ion storage ability of MoO 2 .
A galvanostatic discharge/charge test was conducted to investigate the electrochemical performance of HC and F-HC as SIB anodes.
In contrast, Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 only shows sharp and intense oxidation and reduction peaks at 2.2 V and 2.1 V, respectively.
The reversible capacity of Na 0.66 [Li 0.22 Ti 0.78 ]O 2 is ca. 110 mAh/g, and the average sodium storage voltage is ca. 0.75 V.
However, current sodium-ion LTMOs typically underperform their lithium-ion counterparts in terms of electrochemical performance.
This inherent advantage means that the production cost of sodium-ion batteries will be lower than that of lithium-ion batteries.
Surface-controlled sodium storage can be achieved for the optimized carbon electrode with markedly enhanced adsorption kinetics.
In literature searching only "sodium ion battery" was entered as the keyword to collect more articles that might be of interest.
Based on these results, we see that the cell performance is the iontransferring role of our epoxy-NASICON composite electrolyte.
About 20 mg of CC@1400 °C powder was used as the working electrode and sodium metal (Aldrich) was used as the counter electrode.
The Wessells team proposed using KCuFe (CN) 6 and KNiFe (CN) 6 as positive electrode materials for aqueous sodium-ion batteries.
Compared to lithium, sodium has a higher standard electrode potential, resulting in sodium-ion batteries' lower energy density .
Nevertheless, they still suffered from the bottlenecks of sluggish lithium/sodium storage kinetics and low reversible capacity .
The P3-or O3-type layered sulfides show a similar degree of voltage hysteresis for intercalation and co-intercalation processes.
An SIB anode with a distinguished performance and real-time performance-mechanistic evaluation has been reported by Liu et al. .
Figure 3a, b present the 2D contour maps, initial charge-discharge curve and their refined lattice parameters of Na0.55 and Na1.
For the SnNaSICONSn cells, the Na metal was first saturated with Sn (6.7 x 10 -3 wt %) to prevent dissolution of the Sn coating.
Developing electrode materials with high capacity and low cost is crucial for promoting the application of sodium-ion batteries.
Both Mn 3+ and Mn 4+ spectra consist of Mn 2p3/2 and Mn 2p1/2 and the ratio of Mn 4+ has reduced in the Na2/3Fe1/3Mn0.57Ti0.1O2.
Additionally, the P2/P3-NaMNO electrode exhibits the highest rate capability among the three electrodes (Supplementary Fig. 20).
The discharge capacity obtained was 85 mAh/g, equivalent to 1.6 Na-ion contribution, and the GCD profile is shown in Fig. 11(j).
Therefore, it is of great significance to discuss the mechanism of potassium storage for the optimization of hard carbon anodes.
Na + /Na, which is suitable as an anode for aqueous sodium-ion batteries (Park et al., 2011;Li et al., 2013;Wang et al., 2015b).
NaFeMnF, a modified Mn-based Prussian blue by HNO 3 , Na 4 Fe(CN) 6 , and Na 2 SO 4 , was prepared by the modification of NaMnF.
Magnesium (Mg) dopants are non-toxic, affordable, and abundant, making them perfect for large-scale Na-ion battery applications.
However, the application of the interesting ionexchange method on NASICON electrolytes is limited and needs further exploration.
It is highlighted that graphene and diglyme electrolyte synergistically improve the sodium storage capacities of anatase TiO 2 .
From the viewpoint of the cost and safety, aqueous sodium-ion batteries are attractive candidate for large-scale energy storage.
This paper covers widely used cathode materials such as layered transition metal oxides, polyanion compounds, and Prussian blue.
This will have significant effects on the interlayer arrangements and thus the regions which are available for sodium insertion.
It is concluded that the NVPF electrode material can be considered as the best candidate for high energy Na-ion storage devices.
To accurately reflect the structure of hard carbon, it is often necessary to establish a very fine and large-scale model 43,44 .
These materials predominantly consist of crys talline α-CrPO 4 , alluaudite, and Na super ionic conductor (NASICON) structures .
Moreover, the Mo 2 C particles provide many electrochemically active sites, leading to additional improvement in sodium storage.
No less important is the "phase chemical composition -electrochemical activity" correlation of NASICONtype obtained in this way.
To date, a variety of heterostructures have been designed and studied to enhance the performance of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
This reveals that the sodium-ion diffusion coefficients of HMF-HC are consistent during the sodiation and desodiation processes.
So, unfortunately, these doped structures cannot provide mechanistic insights on the Na-ion storage in conventional hard carbon.
In this study, these correlations were employed to gain insight into the impact of the pre-carbonization rate on sodium storage.
Electrochemical analyses conrmed the improved structural stability and suppression of irreversible lithium/sodium ion trapping.
Additionally, they do not represent the types of defects, the degree of sodiation, and the detailed localization of sodium ions.
Besides, with an increase of the Prussian blue analogue amount in the magnetic microgel, the adsorption capacity also increased.
With the chemical affinity, metal oxides are the most investigated coating species for sodium layered oxides including P2 ones .
The Na1 sites can hold one sodium ion per formula unit, while the Na2 sites can accommodate three sodium ions per formula unit .
The 23 intervals were chosen to prevent physical dewetting of Na on NaSICON due to depletion of the stripping side Na reservoir.
The full cell was fabricated using hard carbon and delivered an initial capacity of 79 mAh g -1 with an output voltage of 3.7 V .
However, the development of nanostructured cathode materials like silicon and tin is helping sodium-ion batteries narrow the gap.
Na-ion batteries are emerging as one of the most promising energy storage technologies, particularly for grid-level applications.
The open circuit potential V OCV in a Na-ion battery is governed by the change in free enthalpy DG for the transfer of a Na atom.
The NASICON-type NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (shown in Figure 2I) exhibits a reversible Na storage capacity of ca.120 mAh/g at ca. 2.1 V vs.
In the DEGDME solvent, a stable fluorinated SEI evolved by decomposition of the NaPF 6 electrolyte optimized the SIB performance.
As a result of this study, new insights can be gained for future studies on CoFe 2 O 4 as an anode material for Na-ion batteries.
NPNHC-T1200 possesses moderately rough pore walls, which provide a more favorable microenvironment for reversible sodium storage.
Interestingly, the corn cob derived hard carbon also gave a maximum value of capacitance of 309.81 F/g under the same conditions.
Whereas the venting cap of the SIB cell is carved on its top surface, the venting cap of the LIB is carved on its bottom surface.
We found that the solvation effect and derived SEI properties play a critical role in the intercalation chemistry of hard carbon.
The mechanistic-driven phase conversions have been presented in C-composited SiP 2 SIB anodes using in-situ/ex-situ XRD and TEM .
Further work could also incorporate cyclic voltammetry for extensive understanding the kinetics of sodium ions in such materials.
Prussian blue analogues and NVP show promise due to their high capacities without the requirement for presodiation in half cells.
NASICON compounds, such as Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 and Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 , were also used as electrodes for sodium-ion batteries.
Kataoka et al. reported a tunnel-type Na 2 Ti 4 O 9 as a negative electrode for sodium-ion batteries (Kataoka and Akimoto, 2016).
This additional semicircle is attributed to the replacement of the Na-NaSICON interface with the Na-Sn and Sn-NaSICON interfaces.
In summary, we reveal distinct sodium storage mechanisms, co-intercalation vs. intercalation, in the ether and ester electrolyte.
Hard carbon is a kind of carbon that is difficult to graphitize even above 2500 °C and is named for its high mechanical hardness.
The EXAFS data collected at the end of discharge shi towards higher Å values, indicating the expansion of the NASICON structure.
However, a large volume expansion of the hard carbon anode led to the structure being pulverized and unstable (Bai et al., 2017).
In comparison, the common nano-pores and compact sheet have negative effect on Na-ion transport, so their capacities are reduced.
During charging, sodium ions escape from the positive pole material and enter the negative pole material through the electrolyte.
As soon as a few sodium ions (x = 0.02) are inserted in the material, a huge decrease of impedance is observed, to reach ~ 180 .
Hence, the existence of twin structures is demonstrated to be favorable for reducing the diffusion energy barrier of sodium ions.
After synthesis, an X-ray diffraction (XRD) analysis verified that the NASICON crystal phases were formed (Supporting Figure S1).
The hard carbon was mixed with carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC2200, Daicel) as a binder at a weight ratio of 9:1 in deionized water.
In our research, the stem of switchgrass was carbonized under an ultra-high temperature (2050 °C) to create hard carbon material.
A novel P3-type Na 2/3 Mg 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 cathode delivers a reversible capacity over 200 mAh/g mainly using lattice oxygen redox.
Hard carbon (HC), a promising material for commercialization, has numerous active sites for Na + storage and a stable structure .
The Ω to 7.1 Ω also supported the idea that some of the NaSICON was reacting with Na metal and becoming slightly less conductive.
Cyclic voltammetry and galvanostatic cycling of the Na-ion full-cells were measured using a potentiostat VMP3 (Biologic, France).
The results suggested that the ZTC materials can still be further optimized to improve their performance as a SIB anode material.
For NASICONs with 1Na per formula unit, Na ion sits in the Na1 (6b) site that is face-sharing with two MO 6, as shown in Fig. 1a.
The preparation method of olivine-structured NaFePO 4 as a cathode material for SIB is similar to that of lithium iron phosphate.
No less important is the "phase chemical composition -electrochemical activity" correlation of NASICON-type obtained in this way.
In this study, we report the operation of all-solid-state sodium batteries with hard carbon and sulfide-based solid electrolytes.
In the research reported in this paper, NASICON-based NCAP glass (Na 2.8 Ca 0.1 Al 2 P 3 O 12 ) was selected as the parent glass.
Most interestingly, sodium ion flows in the furrows of puckered borophene are extremely fast with a low energy barrier of 30 meV.
The most widely used solid-state sodium electrolytes can be classified into sulfide-based and oxide-based inorganic electrolytes.
The symmetric Na-ion full-cell was fabricated using NVP-F 0.15 as both electrode materials and evaluated the cycling performance.
In the following section, the effect of a single vacancy defect on sodium storage and diffusion in borophene is mainly discussed.
In eqn , x 1 and x 2 represent the number of sodium ions (Na + ) adsorbed on TaS 2 /GeC before and aer the change, respectively.
At the low potential of 0.08 V, metal tungsten and Na 2 S were formed by the conversion reaction of WS 2 crystal and sodium ions.
Comparing these values with those obtained for the LIB, it seems difficult for SIB to compete with current LIB under GWP aspects.
NASICON-type LiZr 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (LZP) is one type of solid electrolyte that demonstrates a relatively high bulk ionic conductivity.
Moreover, inorganic solid electrolytes include Na-β-Al 2 O 3 , NASICON (Na super ionic conductor), borohydride, and chalcogenide.
Symmetric cells, Na|NaSICON|Na and Na|SnNaSICONSn|Na, were assembled inside an argonfilled glovebox (H2O and O2 levels <0.1 ppm).
In any case, the lack of an established hard carbon market impedes to determine a dominating or most probable production pathway.
At high temperatures (≥ 825 °C) and medium to high sodium contents (0.6 < x < 1.06) the material exhibits pure P2-type structure.
The involved conversion mechanism has been proved when the as-prepared Fe 3 S 4 was used as the host material for sodium storage.
The hard carbon with hierarchical porous architecture has been successfully synthesized through a tailored Joule heating process.
Many studies were carried out to understand the storage mechanisms of both lithium and sodium ions inside many different carbons.
In comparison, SiO 2 @C shows a similar core-shell structure while the Pure C sample shows the amorphousness of hard carbon (Fig.
It is vitally important to emphasize that neither the SnNaSICONSn-500 nor SnNaSICONSn-1000 was completely shorted during testing.
Here, we use antimony (Sb) as an example to demonstrate the use of yolk-shell structured anodes for high energy Na-ion batteries.
This work presents a comprehensive study of phosphorus-carbon nanocomposite anodes for both lithium-ion and sodium-ion batteries.
Concerning the (3D) morphology, usually the particles have a random-like shape and size, which is often reported for hard carbon.
It has delivered improved Coulombic efficiency and extended cycle life, marking the advancement in the realm of SIB electrolytes.
Similarly, for Na-ion batteries, Na filaments have been reported, that lead to material damage and consequently battery failure .
Aqueous sodium-ion full batteries (ASIFBs) 241,242 and antifreezing hydrogel electrolytes 243 have further expanded adaptability.
Reversely, upon charging, Na-ions at the 2d site were deintercalated first, followed by the removal of those at the 4a site (Fig.
These results demonstrate the effective improvement of F doping to improve the electrochemical performance of HC as a SIB anode .
The knowledge obtained in this work is useful to guide the design and preparation of the hard carbon anodes for Na ion batteries.
Therefore, we can use Na||hard carbon coin cell to analyze the difference in Na + storage behavior in two different electrolytes.
Using HAXPES, they concluded that similar chemical species are formed at the hard carbon surface independent of the FEC addition.
The capacity attained during cycling of hard carbon electrodes is sensitive to the lower voltage limit cut-off criterion, E cut .
Cell mechanics impact both LFP|Gr and SIB cells more than NMC|Gr battery cells, particularly due to their lower energy densities.
Herein, the diluted-electrode method is applied to a hard carbon (HC) electrode to estimate sodium-ion (Na + ) insertion kinetics.
Mesoporous carbon nanoparticles undergo huge volume changes upon insertion and de-insertion of sodium ions into their interlayers.
A simple synthesis method to produce hard carbon decorated with silicon nitride or silicon oxycarbide nanoparticles was developed.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are a viable substitute for lithium-ion batteries due to the low cost and wide availability of sodium.
The interlayer spacings (do-o) of CuMgTi-533, CuMgTi-552, CuMgTi-571, and NaMNO 2 were 4.09, 4.03, 4.09, and 3.98 Å, respectively.
The study also discovered that soft carbon is more reversible than hard carbon materials in the slope zone where sodium is stored.
Over the past decades, extensive research has been conducted to stabilize anionic redox in the Mn-based P2-type layered cathodes .
Compared to crystalline Si with limited Si uptake, the performance of amorphous Si as an SIB anode is practically more optimistic.
The electrodes consist of hard carbon active mass and polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) binder with or without carbon black additive.
In this experiment, the cell design was conducted as follows to confirm the applicability of epoxy-NASICON as a solid electrolyte.
X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), however, revealed a decrease in Na content in the NaSICON exposed to the acidic catholyte.
It is worthy to mention here that the pristine Co 2 GeO 4 electrode shows negligible sodium storage at high rates of 3.2 and 6.4C.
Meanwhile, a short ion diffusion path could facilitate the charge-transfer and greatly improve the rate capability of the Na-ions.
The development of new lowcost, non-toxic, highly performing electrode materials is the key point for the SIB technology advances.
NASICON type ceramics are of great potential to be used as electrolytes in the new generation of lithium ion conducting batteries.
As one of the best substitutes for widely commercialized LIBs, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) display gorgeous application prospects.
Tin phosphide (Sn 4 P 3 ) is here investigated as an anode material in half-cell, symmetrical, and full-cell sodium-ion batteries.
In this perspective, we fi rst provide an overview of the milestones in the development of Na-ion battery (NIB) systems over time.
This behavior is attributed to the intercalation of sodium ions into the interlayer galleries of nanocrystalline graphite domains.
LiPF 6 additive was incorporated in the pouch cell composed of the hard carbon/O3-type positive electrode and evaluated (Fig. 4a).
This trend implies that despite poor contact angles, molten sodium still achieves a good surface contact on the Sn-coated NaSICON.
Tuy nhiên, khi hard carbon được phóng sạc với điện giải E6, dung lượng có tăng trong suốt quá trình phóng sạc nhưng không ổn định.
Moreover, the change in the c-axis of P2/P3-NaMNO is less than 1% for both the P2 and P3 phases, indicating a low-strain property.
We further evaluated the electrochemical performances of mFePA-HS, as a new type of electrode material for the sodium-ion storage.
These materials crystallize in a layered structure where sodium ions are sandwiched between sheets of edge sharing MO 6 octahedra.
Similarly, sodium intercalation in the graphitic bilayer model is mainly affected by the presence of the 2O C bilayer defect (Fig.
P2-type compounds were obtained by calcining at 700, 800, and 900 ℃ for 4, 8, and 12 h in air and then cooled to room temperature.
Fe/Mn-based Prussian Blue Analogs (PBAs) were synthesized through a precipitation method, utilizing reagents sourced from Aladdin.
After the second heat treatment at 500 °C, the XRD analyses indicated that pure NASICON phases could be formed only for 0 < x ≤ 1.
It is worth emphasizing that metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) as anodes of SIB have gained more and more attention in recent years.
Therefore, the microcrystalline, closed pores, and defects in HC could influence its electrochemical sodium-ion storage behaviors.
Therefore, the better sodium storage performance of PN-CFs-700 is mainly due to the presence of the porous structure and N doping.
Among all the NASICONs synthesized in our limited set of experiments, Na 3 HfZrSi 2 PO 12 exhibits the highest ionic conductivity.
Despite its equally low synthesis energy, NVPF shows the highest CF of all SIB CAMs, majorly attributed to the precursor V 2 O 5 .
At the same time, these ions are extensively involved in sodium layered oxides, including P2 ones. Insufficient ambient stability.
Coin cells were assembled in an Ar-filled glove box, utilizing a 16 mm sodium metal as cathode, and Whatman GF/C as the separator.
The formed active nanoparticles or clusters then participate in the reaction with Na-ions through a reversible alloying mechanism.
This work provides a feasible codoped approach to optimize NASICON electrolytes for high-performance solid-state sodium batteries.
Before the XPS measurement, the hard carbon half cells were subjected to three-cycles charge-discharge measurement at 20 mA g ¹1 .
With the results obtained above we can now summarize the nature of the transition from a soft carbon to a hard carbon material. a.
The diffraction peaks of prepared materials were related to the NASICON structure of rhombohedral phase with space group of R-3c .
Due to the complex composition of biomass, the microstructure of derived hard carbon (HC) has a large number of defects and pores.
Considering these advantages and limitations, we discuss the potential usefulness of Si 24 as anode material for Na-ion batteries.
Therefore, a portion of Na + is irreversibly trapped in the graphene sheets of hard carbons after forming intercalation compounds.
The XRD analysis revealed NASICON crystalline phase dominated by LiTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 and minor impurity phases for LTaAP composition.
These high redox potentials suggest that polydopamine is an ideal candidate for organic cathodes for both Li-and Na-ion batteries.
On the other hand, Na-ion batteries, which work on similar principles to Li-ion batteries, present a real sustainable alternative.
The most common characterization techniques for studying the structural defects in hard carbons are Raman spectroscopy and TPD-MS.
Here we report a high-rate long-life low-cost sodium-ion battery fullcell system by innovating both the anode and the electrolyte.
In order to evaluate the electrochemical properties of FeP, CoP, NiP 2 and CuP 2 NCs, Na-ion and Li-ion half-cells were assembled.
In general, the O3-type sodium layered oxides exhibit poor long-term stability due to the multiple phase transitions upon cycling.
The resulting hard carbon materials were applied as anode materials in SIBs and their electrochemical performances were evaluated.
The lamellar structure of MoSe 2 effectively alleviates the volume expansion during sodium storage and provides more active sites.
Sodium-ion batteries offer a promising alternative to lithium-ion batteries due to the abundance and low cost of sodium resources.
As-prepared hard carbon showed greater discharge capacities at higher current rates with longer preheating durations up to 7 days.
Furthermore, we analyzed the time-dependent solvation structure evolution in hard carbons by in situ Raman spectroscopy (Fig. 3f).
The polarisation of Na metal has a significant effect on the observed capacity of hard carbon materials when tested in half-cells.
In addition, we notice the bottleneck of hard carbon anode development and propose the future direction for technical improvement.
Such low surface areas are not compatible with the observed charge capacities of these materials and the insertion of sodium ions.
With further research and optimization, sodium-ion batteries are expected to play an important role in the future energy landscape.
The hard carbon electrodes were fabricated by mixing 70wt% hard carbon, 20wt% carbon black and 10wt% carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC).
The electrochemical properties of mangrove-derived hard carbon were significantly improved by optimizing the preheating conditions.
Nevertheless, the obvious drawback is corroding sodium metal electrodes over extended periods of use and potential safety concerns.
But to the best of our knowledge, it has not been investigated for the ion-storage properties in either Li-ion or Na-ion batteries.
The TH MoS 2 /Ti 3 C 2 exhibited higher sodium storage capacity of 743.6 mAh•g -1 than bare MoS 2 (579.4 mAh•g -1 ) at 0.2 A•g -1 .
Hard carbons are the most commonly used anode materials in SIBs, while they generally suffer from poor cycling and rate capability.
High-Resolution Transmission Electron Microscopy (HR-TEM) can reveal the microstructure evolution of hard carbons at the nanoscale.
This led to larger open nanopores (1.1 nm) compared to directly pyrolyzed precursors (0.5 nm) and improved Na-ion storage capacity.
To ensure rigor, the physically mixed sample P2/P3-NaMNO-PM, which lacks a distinct P2/P3 interphase structure, was also evaluated.
Layer-bylayer Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 embedded in reduced graphene oxide as superior rate and ultralong-life sodium-ion battery cathode.
Another type of water, the zeolitic one also exists in these compounds, occupying the sites necessary for sodium-ion intercalation.
For the anode side: Hard carbon (Kuraray, Japan), Acetylene black and PVDF with a ratio of 93:3:4, N/P ratio is controlled at ~1.1.
Sodium-ion batteries (SiBs) have attracted substantial interest as an alternative to lithium-ion batteries because of the low cost.
Based on the density functional theory, we propose a promising cathode material, Na2Fe3(SO4)4, applicable for sodium-ion batteries.
However, the safety of hard carbon (HC) as a commercially promising anode is restricted by its low voltage plateau (below 0.1 V vs.
However, the Na in NaSICON was very sensitive to the electron beam at these high magnifications so these conclusions are tentative.
This is in the high end of the room temperature conductivity range of up to 1.2 9 10 -3 S cm -1 reported for this form of NASICON .
PBAs are thus employed for inexpensive aqueouselectrolyte cells, as well as for high-voltage organic electrolyte sodium-ion cells .
The well-tailored spinel-like titanium (III) oxide interface supplies 3D channels for Na-ion diffusion and fast electron migration.
From various samples, a phase diagram for Na x Mn 3/4 Ni 1/4 O 2 cathode active materials for sodium-ion batteries was constructed.
Recently, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been considered as a promising battery technology and have attracted great attention 4 .
While research into improving SIB systems is gaining momentum, studies on electrolyte additives for SIBs remain relatively limited.
These aspects promote the reversible reaction of sodium-ions, reduce irreversible losses and capacity degradation in multiple ways.
An issue of heteroatom doping is its impact on the electronic conductivity and the rate capability of the doped hard carbon anodes.
The EIS spectra in Figure 1c and resistance values in Figure 1d provide additional insight to the behavior of the NaSICON-23h cell.
The effects of pH and adsorbent dose on adsorption by Prussian blue analogue-functionalized magnetic microgel were studied firstly.
Na + /Na (thus reaching the composition Na 0.5 Fe 2 OS 2 ) while the hard carbon electrode potential varies between 1.5 and 0 V vs.
This strategy expands the Na + layer spacings of P2-type Na 0.67 MnO 2 and transforms the particles into accordion-like morphology.
For the practical applications, excellent sodium-ion storage performance under room-/low-temperature in thick electrode is crucial.
Phase purity, as evaluated by x-ray diffraction (XRD) shown in Figure S1, revealed only the desired NaSICON phase and trace ZrSiO4.
A better understanding of the sodium ion behaviour in hard carbon anodes is crucial to develop more efficient sodium ion batteries.
However, the rate performance of these materials was poor due to the sluggish sodium-ion migration and low electronic conductivity.
This is because hard carbon materials exhibit a significant proportion of their capacity in a low-voltage (< 0.1 V) plateau region.
In addition, (1-x-y) NaNi0.7Co0.3O2 doped with Al is suitable for the environment as compared to isolated cathode, such as NaCoO2 .
Room temperature sodium-ion batteries have attracted increased attention for energy storage due to the natural abundance of sodium.
Higher concentrations of electrolyte under higher rate condition supported more stable operation in this aqueous sodium-ion system.
Finally, a qualitative comparison of the different LIB and SIB CAM is carried out via a simple rescaling and weighted sum approach.
Our preliminary PDF measurements for the electrodes after sodium insertion are consistent with this interpretation of the NMR data.
The SEM images in Figure 2c-f show plan-view and cross-sectional images of NaSICON after electrochemical testing for 1 or 23 hours.
This model has to capture both, mass transport and electrode kinetics, for the sodium and the hard carbon electrode simultaneously.
This superior electrochemical performance highlights the promising practical applications of NiS 2 anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
The high coulombic efficiency implies the high reversibility of sodium-ion intercalation and deintercalation at the anode material.
Variability in TR behavior across SIB chemistries-layered oxides versus polyanionic compounds-complicates consistent safety design.
Using this strategy, Mohd Noor et al. 21 ); here some fractions of sodium ions were replaced by a bulky quaternary ammonium cation.
The current research achieved an on-hysteresis, long-term stable oxygen redox reaction in the P3-type Na 0.67 Cu 0.33 Mn 0.67 O 2 .
Loic et al. first reported the electrochemical properties of germanium thin-film electrodes during Na-ion electrochemical reaction.
Overall, the results of this study provide valuable perspectives for the future evolution of SIB highperformance cathode materials.
Yagi et al. reported the detailed mechanism of the electrochemical insertion/extraction of Mg 2+ ions in CuFe Prussian Blue analog.
These steps are essential for advancing the practical application of sodium-ion batteries and will be the focus of our future work.
Figure 5c presents a schematic depiction of the sodium insertion/extraction pathways through the large pores of the RGO nanosheets.
Sodium (Na) Super-Ionic CONductor (NaSICON) solid-state ionic conductors were introduced before the emergence of Li-ion batteries .
Nevertheless, new Na-ion cathode materials with improved efficiency have been effectively created, exemplified by Na1.5VPO4.8F0.7 .
The absence of the very short plateau at around 3.5 V in Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 further supports the higher concentration of Mn 4+ .
Experimentally, ATi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (A = Li and Na) NASICONs reversibly (de)intercalate two moles of Li-and Na-ions at 2.6 and 2.1 V vs.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are emerging as potential stationary energy storage devices due to the abundance and low cost of sodium.
Therefore, the carboxyl functional group exhibits high material stability, making rGO a promising candidate for SIB anode materials.
As with LIBs, liquid, solid, and solid-liquid composite electrolytes are the three main categories into which SIB electrolytes fall.
Also, the measured sodium-ion diffusivity values in the range of 6 × 10 -11 to 7 × 10 -11 cm 2 /s in the sodium concentration range.
Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 has been acknowledged that it could be the cathode candidate for the rechargeable sodium-ion second batteries (SIBs).
It can be seen that the anionic redox peaks at high voltage have been well maintained in the CuMgTi-571 in comparison with NaMNO 2 .
The sodium ions enter the electrolyte, pass through the diaphragm, diffuse to the anode, and become embedded in the active material.
Hard carbon was prepared from the char samples by carbonizing at 1000 °C (heating rate: 15 °C min -1 ) for 1 h under vacuum (30 Pa).
When employed as a sodium ion cathode, this material displayed extraordinary high-rate performance and ultralong-cycling capability.
A complex synthesis method has been developed for the preparation of the hard carbon materials from highly decomposed Estonian peat.
Therefore, rational structure design to enable enhanced interfacial sodium storage is an effective way toward high-performance SIBs.
As lower cost molten salt catholyte chemistries are pursued, their chemical compatibility with NaSICON separators must be validated.
This is particularly advantageous, as overly compact and highly ordered hard carbons oen exhibit considerable diffusion resistance.
The modifications of P2-type Na x MnO 2 electrodes are mainly focused on doping (substitution), coating, and electrolyte modulation.
In comparison, the peak at the end of sodium insertion is found shifted to much higher values, almost 70% the shift of sodium metal.
The variety and complexity of HC structures is partly responsible for the challenge of understanding their sodium storage mechanism.
The sodium storage mechanism is investigated using the galvanostatic intermittent titration test (GITT) and cyclic voltammetry (CV).
We have demonstrated the potential of the t-Na 2.9375 PS 3.9375 Cl 0.0625 solid electrolyte by integrating it in a ss-SIB full cell.
The construction of a "sheet-tube-dots" hierarchical structure can significantly enhance the transport of electrons and sodium ions.
Carbon materials and titanium-based oxides developed based on intercalation reaction mechanisms were applied to SIB anode materials.
The sodium-ion diffusion coefficient can be determined by the peak current (I p ) versus v 1/2 based on the Randles-Sevcik equation.
The Na1+xZr2SixP3-xO12 (0≤x≤3) structure, one of the well-known NASICON kinds, has the benefit of being a stable crystal structure .
However, few studies were carried out on magnesium titanium phosphate combined with CNTs as anode materials in sodium-ion batteries.
Selfcombustion synthesis of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 nanoparticles coated with carbon shell as cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
When using sodium metal as a counter and a reference electrode, great importance was paid to the preparation as proposed in ref. 53.
For all hard carbons, pronounced entropy features were observed that cannot be detected by conventional voltagecapacity measurement.
This is due to the insertion of a large amount of sodium ions in the structure, which leads to the expansion of the crystal lattice.
Additionally, the Mo 2 C particles provide many electrochemically active sites, leading to additional improvement in sodium storage.
By employing CNNs, we systematically investigate the influence of different elements' doping on the properties of NASICON compounds.
The defective nature of carbon structure could also enhance the adsorption, which is favorable for the sodium storage mechanism 46 .
The effectiveness of the Sn coating was demonstrated by comparing the voltage profiles of the NaSICON-100 and SnNaSICONSn-100 cells.
However, these compounds have a relatively high electrode potential of over 0.5 V and lower rate capability compared to hard carbon.
Thus, there is an urgent need to develop a universal and simple synthetic approach for fabricating hard carbon rich in closed pores.
The effect of the sodium-ion concentration was discussed in terms of the potential profiles of the positive and negative electrodes.
As shown in Fig. 7d, the prepared M-HSPB was used as the cathode, while commercially available hard carbon (HC) served as the anode.
For some special conversion anodes, the conversion reaction and alloying reaction will both occur during the sodium storage process.
The sodium ion storage properties of the CoS 2 /C polyhedrons were assessed by various electrochemical tests in 2025type coin cells.
The first objective of obtaining fully sodiated P3-type electrode is consequently not achieved despite optimized synthesis protocol.
When the voltage is further reduced to 0.001 V, the peak stabilizes, suggesting that Na + fills the closed pores of the hard carbon.
Electron paramagnetic/spin resonance (EPR/ ESR) is a valuable tool for detecting sodium metal clusters during the discharge process.
Layered oxides currently represent the most utilized class of CAMs for LIBs and are also pursued by numerous SIB cell manufacturers.
The overall resistance reduction and improved wetting enabled the stable stripping and plating observed in the SnNaSICONSn-100 cell.
The XRD of LATP and LATPBM match with PDF #96-722-2156 having NASICON type structure with rhombohedral unit of space group 𝑅3 ̅ 𝑐 ℎ.
ICP analysis of PB-1 revealed some sodium present in the sample [2.3 wt%] corresponding to 0.30 sodium-ions per Fe[Fe(CN) 6 ] 0.75 .
Therefore, the transition metal oxide also has the problems of voltage hysteresis and low Cullen efficiency in sodium ion batteries.
However, the overall performance depends on the sodium-ion supplying capability in the electrolytes inside the composite electrodes.
In addition, the t Na+ of the initial LE was only 0.16, indicating the main type of ionic conductance was ClO - 4 rather than Na + .
In this study, we report an intrinsic and comparative study of the thermal reactivity of fully charged Sn electrodes in SIB systems.
The Na + self-diffusion in NASICON can be well-described by the self-diffusion coefficients D (calculated by eqn ) shown in Fig. 5c.
The discharge capacity diagrams have been compared with the 18650-type "C/NaCoO2 Sony battery" result, which is designed by Ehrlich.
Our group has previously reported that tin phosphide 3 reversibly stores a large number of sodium ions and has long-term durability.
The mechanism of sodium-ion storage can be obtained using the following equations: The nomenclature of the equations is given in SI.
Herein, we developed a novel cathode material that exhibits an abnormal P2-type structure at a stoichiometric content of Na up to 1.
Excitingly, due to the maximized pseudocapacitive contribution, its rate performance in Na-ion storage even exceeds that for Li ion.
This suggests that Na+ ion intercalation plays a more significant role in LF-1300C, leading to enhanced electrochemical performance.
In the pellet from the SnNaSICONSn-1000 cell (Figure 5b and 5d), the images show a stark difference from the SnNaSICONSn-500 pellet.
O3-type layered oxide for sodium-ion batteries have attracted significant attention owing to their low cost and high energy density.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) are widely recognized as one of the most promising cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
From the above ndings, the amount of CeO 2 must be properly optimized to improve sodium-ion migration and enhance rate performance.
The number of sodium ions participating in the alloying reaction can reach 3.75 to form Na 15 Sn 4 in a multistep sodiation process.
In the sodium-ion system, multilayer-like clustering enables denser configurations, allowing more ions to occupy the internal pores.
Three ZTC samples with diameters of 1µm, 70 nm, and 10 nm were synthesized and evaluated as SiB anodes at various current densities.
Moreover, the current challenges of cathodes and the corresponding solutions for sodium-ion batteries are systematically recognized.
Like LIBs, carbonaceous materials can potentially be the first commercial anode material for sodium-ion and potassium-ion batteries.
During fast charging, sodium ions may precipitate in metallic form, thereby affecting the safety performance of the entire battery .
Similar to the uncoated NaSICON-100 cell, the SnNaSICONSn-500 cell showed an initial polarization at the beginning of each interval.
These findings offer valuable insights into the development of advanced cathode materials for high-performance sodium-ion batteries.
The high rate capability is the result of fast surface reactions on the RGO, which enable rapid sodium storage through open channels.
However, the KOH and HCl treatment steps of the hard carbons pre-pyrolysed at 450 C, elevate the capacity from 141 to 328 mA h g À1 .
This large layer spacing and nanopores facilitate the diffusion of sodium ions and the stabilization of the structure during cycling.
The sulferization and the carbonization of the MOFs are being done in order to improve the charging rate of the sodium ion batteries.
Over the past decade, Na-ion batteries (NIBs) have gained a substantial interest within the research community and relevant industry.
XRD patterns in Fig. 3a reveal that the pristine Na 0.67 MnO 2 has a P2-type structure with P6 3 /mmc space group (JCPDF no. 27-251).
Waste biomass including rice husk , navel orange peel , wool , tea , and coffee grounds have been proposed as hard carbon precursors.
To evaluate the mechanical properties of the solid-state NASICON electrolytes, surface hardness is studied by Vickers micro-hardness.
In Figure 5(b), epoxy-NASICON with Na metal showed no side reaction up to 7 V, except for the plating/stripping of Na metal near 0 V.
Overall, the calculated intercalation energies show that sodium intercalation increases with increasing the interlayer distance (Fig.
NVP is a NASICON (sodium superionic conductor) structured material with a highly covalent 3D framework and R 3c space group symmetry.
In this study, we coated hard carbon on top of tetragonal barium titanate particles forming a ferroelectricity-aided anode (t-BTO@C).
Sodium layered oxides often exhibit instability in deep desorption within the P2 structure and sluggish kinetics in the O3 structure.
Upon discharging to 2.1 V (storing 1 Na-ion per unit cell), the lattice parameters and unit-cell volume were insignificantly changed.
Various cathode materials, such as layered oxides , polyanionic compounds and Prussian blue analogues have been intensively explored.
The obtained images reveal the short-range ordered nature of the hard carbon with localized pseudo-graphitic layers (Fig. 1c and Fig.
Na + /Na). 30 Therefore, the electrode also investigated beyond the nucleation overpotential during the sodium metal plating process.
Secondly, the specific capacity of Si 24 is acceptable, but clearly lower than that of other competing materials such as hard carbon.
Another strategy to obtain doped materials is to mix the hard carbon with the dopant powder or with a compound containing the dopant.
However, to the best of our knowledge, a high-energy and stable ASIB with an MnPB-based positive electrode has not yet been reported.
Indeed, they found an average operating voltage of approximately 4.5 V, being the highest value ever observed for a Na-ion electrode.
Here, we investigated the effect of Li doping on regulating the oxygen redox activities P2-structured Na0.66Ni0.25Mn0.75O2 materials.
Although other tin phosphides such as SnP 0.94 and SnP 3 are also known, Sn 4 P 3 has been explored the most widely as an SIB anode .
We therefore believe that these ultra-micropores have a significant effect on the reversible sodium ion storage sites in hard carbon.
The XRD pattern of the NZSP matches well with the NASICON structure with the monoclinic phase (PDF Card No. 01-084-1200) (Fig. 1(a)).
Furthermore, the XPS peaks of Na-ions prove that the NaIn[Fe(CN) 6 ] cathode could be fully de-sodiated if it is charged to 1.6 V vs.
The rate performance was evaluated to determine the effect of the hydrothermal process on sodium-ion storage kinetic characteristics.
The poor low-temperature performance of current SIB electrolytes can be attributed to their inferior bulk and interfacial properties.
The mass loading of the hard carbon anode in the full cell is about 0.65 mg cm -2 and 1.57 mg cm -2 for the NNCFM positive electrode.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), owning to the great abundance of Na storage, are promising low-cost energy storage alternatives to LIBs.
Na-ion batteries (NIBs), having an operating mechanism similar to that of LIBs, are considered a next-generation battery technology .
Hard carbon (HC), though a promising anode candidate, still has bottlenecks of insufficient capacity and unclear microscopic picture.
During the rst sodiation, an SEI is formed and stabilized on the surface and inside the pores of the negative hard carbon electrode.
In this work, a new sodium titanate was successfully synthesized and tested as the anode for sodium ion batteries for the first time.
Sodium-ion battery technology is a promising and more sustainable alternative to its more conventional lithium-ion based counterpart.
In this work, we studied the electrochemical reaction of hard carbon negative electrodes in a fluorine-free NaBPh 4 /DME electrolyte.
This work provides an effective and feasible strategy for the production of highly cost-effective coal-derived hard carbon materials.
Similarly, for the SIB test, the active material loading (areal density) was 1.45 and 1.50 mg cm -2 for N-C and Fe-N-C, respectively.
In the research of sodium-ion batteries, layered oxide cathodes have garnered significant attention due to their high energy density.
The mobility of sodium ions within the carbon electrode was investigated using galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT).
K and Rb are capable of ion exchange with the Na+ in 13"-A1203, and the resulting volume expansion can cause the ceramic to fracture.
The difference in size between the M and Zr octahedra also led to the disorder of the diffusion path, increasing the Na-ion mobility.
Olivine-type LiFePO 4 and NaFePO 4 unit cells (Pnma space group) were allowed to relax at constant pressure with zero applied strain.
Sodium ions have a higher atomic weight, compared to lithium ions, making the gravimetric energy density of SIBs lower than for LIBs.
The results for a NASICON 1 half-cell first cycle capacity at C-rate 0.05 showed 85 mAh g -1 (expressed as mass for active material).
Our findings shed light on the preparation of nanostructured materials and contribute to developing highperformance Na-ion batteries.
As a result, these MOF-derived metal oxides show enhanced sodium storage performance with good rate capability and cycling stability.
PXRD patterns of as-synthesized Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 were recorded with Cu Kα1 radiation (λ = 1.5406 Å).
Despite great advances in sodium-ion battery developments, the search for high energy and stable anode materials remains a challenge.
In general, sodium-ion batteries have good development prospects, but there are still some problems waiting for researchers to solve.
In another study, metal oxides are expected to be excellent intercalation hosts to anode, greatly increasing sodium storage capacity.
This reduced capacity may result from difficult sodium ion and electrolyte intrusion through the dense and thick upper surface layer.
Sodium-ion batteries are promising for energy storage applications because of the natural abundance and low cost of sodium resources.
S4 (SI), the phosphated hard carbon exhibits a characteristic peak of P at approximately 130 eV compared to the original hard carbon.
Therefore, the pore lling process ultimately inuences the energy density, degradation and safety of NIB cells based on hard carbon.
Recently, transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDs), such as MX 2 (M = Mo, W, Nb, Ta; X = S, Se), applications in sodium-ion batteries.
Graphite, a common anode material in lithium-ion batteries, faces challenges in SIBs due to its limited ability to store sodium ions.
In this work we examined the effects of systematic hard carbon structure variation on the entropy and energetics of sodium insertion.
Modulating the graphitic domains of hard carbons via tuning resin crosslinking degree to achieve high rate and stable sodium storage.
ARC data aids in comparing the thermal stability of Sodium-ion cells to Li-ion, revealing safer operating windows or vulnerabilities.
While there have been numerous reviews on sodium-ion batteries, there is a scarcity of exclusive reviews focusing on flexible ARSIBs.
In our case, the few layered MoS 2 embedded in the amorphous carbon fibers could shorten sodium ion and electron diffusion distances.
Figure 4b demonstrates the cycle number-dependent voltage profiles obtained from hard carbon/ O3-type positive electrode pouch cells.
NaFePO 4 and Na 2 CO 3 were ball-milled using a planetary mill (Pulverisette 7, Fritsch) at 600 rpm for 12 h, and denoted as MM_NFPC.
Prior to revealing the sodium storage mechanism, the sodium storage behavior of KTiOPO 4 in sodium half-cells was first investigated.
Our approach also ensures compatibility with either hard carbon or commercial graphite anodes, guaranteeing operation in pouch cells.
To better describe the properties of closed pores in hard carbon samples, the small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) test was conducted.
The discharge capacity of the NaMNO 2 cathode faded rapidly during cycling and dropped to 22.9 mAh g -1 at the 1000th cycle (Fig. 5d).
However, hard carbon anode remains an obstacle to increasing the energy density of the cell because of its high irreversible capacity.
NASICON-type NTP with 3D framework structure composed of TiO 6 octahedra and PO 4 tetrahedra is a promising anode material for ARSIBs.
In addition, the reversible process solely observed in Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 is maintained over several cycles as shown in Figure 5d.
The LFP scenario (Fig. 5b ande) has the lowest peak energy demand compared to the NMC (Fig. 5a andd) and SIB (Fig. 5c andf) scenarios.
The second category of resources used for hard carbon preparation, after biomass, is biopolymers, accounting for ~32%; see Figure 3.a.
The Na metal anode has a thickness of over 200 μm with a diameter of 12 mm (the capacity of Na metal far exceeds that of hard carbon).
The NASICON materials doped with Cu, Nd, and Fe (as depicted in Fig. 4a) underwent X-ray powder diffraction and EIS characterizations.
The intensity of the old peak decreases and the new peak increases with increasing Na-ion extraction, indicating a two-phase reaction.
Thus, increasing the starting Sn thickness effectively decreased the interfacial resistance of the Na-NaSICON interface after cycling.
Here we report for the first time the feasibility of using metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) as electrodes for aqueous Na-ion batteries.
Here we are characterizing the structure and chemical composition of bio-derived hard carbons, used as anodes in sodium ion batteries.
It is much likely to occur in our system that the diffusion of sodium ions will be more feasible upon increasing sodium concentration.
A pouch full cell was assembled by using scalable fabricated PBAs as cathode and commercial hard carbon was used as anode counterpart.
Aqueous Na-ion batteries using Prussian blue materials have inherent advantages on safety, material sustainability, and economic cost.
Sodium-ion battery (SIB) technology has gained the privilege of enabling advanced applications for largescale energy storage systems .
Cyclic voltammetry was performed to compare the hard carbon (HC) and heat-treated anthracite samples (9003, 9006, and 90012) (Fig. 7).
For instance, the demonstration of reversible Fe 3+ /Fe 4+ redox in both O3-and P2-type layered oxides was a significant advancement .
The peak shis during sodiation indicated an expansion of the lattice parameters with respect to the accommodation of the sodium ions.
We further demonstrated that the Prussian blue analogue-functionalized magnetic microgel can be effectively regenerated by 0.1 M NaOH.
Normally, the capacities of hard carbon in SIBs originate from two parts: slope capacity above 0.1 V and plateau capacity below 0.1 V.
In 2018, Risthaus et al. reported a high discharge capacity (228 mAh g À1 ) of P2-type Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 cathode in 1.5-4.5 V .
Figure 4c compares the cycle performance of CuMgTi-571 with higher entropy and NaMNO 2 with much lower entropy at 0.1 C (12 mA g -1 ).
Both Na2/3Fe1/3Mn2/3O2 (NFMO) and Na2/3Fe1/3Mn0.57Ti0.1O2 (NFMTO) were successfully synthesized by the solid-state calcination method.
When tested for application in Na-ion battery, the Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 cathode showed two redox pairs in the potential window of 2.0-4.0 V.
From the above results, it can be concluded that Cu 2 S was formed during the cycling of the NiS 2 electrode for sodium-ion batteries.
Figure 4 shows the first-charge/discharge profiles of as-prepared hard carbon samples made from chars prepared at 450-550 °C for 12 h.
The electrochemical performance of high mass loading bismuth electrode for use in full-cell sodium-ion batteries is demonstrated here.
Sodium-ion batteries increasingly become of immense research interest as a potential inexpensive alternative to Lithium-ion batteries.
In this work, the Mg 0.5 Ti 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (MTP) composite material with NASICON structure has been studied as an anode material in SIDs.
The ratios represent the structural bonding characteristics of the Na0.55 ~Na1 due to the consistency of elements in the TMO 2 layers.
The prepared materials have uniform size and high yield, and contain numerous nanochannels to provide facile diffusion of sodium ions.
Màng điện cực âm được tạo thành từ hỗn hợp gồm vật liệu điện cực hard carbon, C65 và chất kết dính CMC theo tỉ lệ khối lượng (90:5:5).
However, traditional sodium-ion batteries that use organic electrolytes pose a threat to public safety and the ecological environment.
This review aims to provide a comprehensive summary of the electrolyte additives for subzero-temperature aqueous sodium-ion batteries.
Both sides of NASICON pellets were covered with gold to form blocking electrodes by a sputtering method (sputtering time: one minute).
The NVP/ S-1200 full cell exhibited good electrochemical performance, being comparable among the reported SIB full cells (Table S3 †).
Therefore, insertion-type materials are mainly used in the market at present, such as hard carbon, soft carbon, and expanded graphite.
Previously, Sottmann et al. have excellently addressed the impact of crystallite size in Bi SIB anodes using synchrotron XRD and XAS .
These values indicate that more defects were generated at a higher temperature, providing more active sites for Na-ion accommodation .
For example, Cordova and coworkers observed a linear current during a reductive CA step from 1.1 V to 0.5 V for a Prussian Blue film .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) containing layered oxide cathodes have emerged as a promising alternative to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs).
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) for grid-scale applications need active materials that combine a high energy density with sustain ability.
The behaviors of sodium ion intercalation/de-intercalation were investigated by a serial of electrochemical tests and shown in Fig. 4.
Notably, three dimensional (3D) structured graphene with open channels allows free and fast sodium ion intercalation/de-intercalation.
Additionally, we employ an organic-aqueous cosolvent electrolyte to solve the long-standing solubility issue of Prussian blue analogs.
Na + /Na) leads to deposition of sodium metal on the carbon electrode surfaces, which may eventually result in compromised safety 17 .
So, generally, SIB cost less money and is easier to be treated compared to LIB considering the complexity of pollutants in wastewater.
Herein, we demonstrate the outstanding electrochemical properties of alkaline earth metal vanadates (Ca-V-O and Sr-V-O) as SIB anodes.
Here, we report an investigation of how the introduction of titanium vacancies into anatase TiO2 affects the sodium storage-mechanism.
Such materials composed of two different carbons show great promise in the advancement of carbon-based materials for Na-ion batteries.
Additionally, more comprehensive industrial synthesis data, specifically for SIB materials, is needed to enhance the accuracy of LCAs.
However, the performance of Na-ion and K-ion full batteries were very similar, and the specific capacity even increased after cycling.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) have attracted much attention as potential cathode materials for sodiumion battery (SIBs) applications.
Strong polarization, common in Na-ion cells, was also observed at the point of switching from charging to discharging, and vice versa.
The electrochemical performance of the P red @CNF anodes was examined in half-type coin cells with sodium metal as counter electrodes.
In summary, we have reviewed the state-of-the-art research progress on hollow micro-/nanostructured cathodes for sodium-ion batteries.
In P2-type Na x MnO 2 material, Na ions are located in two different prismatic sites, i.e., Na e (1/3, 2/3, 3/4) and Na f (0, 0, 1/4).
Beyond electrode materials, hard carbon and electrolyte interaction considerably influences fundamental sodium-ion storage mechanisms .
The corresponding Na + migration energy barriers of Na0.55 and Na1 are calculated to be 0.54 eV and 0.673 eV, respectively (Fig. 2h,i).
However, many theoretical studies have verified the potential of Si for SIB anodes, although this needs to be experimentally verified .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have recently drawn attention as current lithium reservoirs are depleting which poses severe supply issues.
It was suggested that interlayer intercalation and micropore filling concurrently contributed to the plateau region of the hard carbon.
By studying the steady state of sodium in hard carbon, scientists explained the mechanism of sodium storage by theoretical calculation.
Hard carbon as a typical anode material for sodium ion batteries has received much attention in terms of its low cost and renewability.
In this paper we study the electrochemical behavior of Na0.74Co1-xNbxO2 (x = 0 and 0.05 samples), synthesized via solid-state reaction.
The spectroscopic characterization of SEI formed on hard carbon electrode with background and Li salt-added electrolytes was performed.
Titanium oxide has been developed as an anode in micro-biofuel cells , solar cells , super capacitors , and sodium-ion battery anodes .
Coin cells were constructed using an NFM111 cathode and a hard carbon anode; glass fibre separator was used with 100 ml of electrolyte.
For instance, the position of the Bragg peak varies from 15.7° for Na0.54TiO2 to 17.3° (2θ) for sodiated Ti0.780.22O1.12F0.40(OH)0.48.
The presence of water in PW systems plays a crucial role in dening the corresponding electrochemical response upon sodium ion storage.
In particular, it remains a critical challenge to develop a stable negative electrode (anode) for high-rate Na-ion battery system 4,5 .
In the operation, a separator crucially separates the cathode and anode and the set-up is submerged in a Na-ion containing electrolyte.
An additional requirement for the cathode is to provide enough sodium ions to shuttle to an anode, such as hard carbon during charging.
O3-Na 0.9 [Cu 0.22 Fe 0.30 Mn 0.48 ]O 2 was selected as the cathode materials to match with Sb@C-hard carbon anode for full-cell study.
The aggregation of the electrolyte in the nanopore is greatly enhanced following pre-desolvation through the nanopores of hard carbons.
Obviously, the capacities derived from the slope region are responsible for the ultra-high capacities of P-functionalized hard carbons.
Specifically, we use a tin (Sn) coating on NaSICON to reduce interfacial This paper describes objective technical results and analysis.
Specifically, a high amount of bulk microporosity is anticipated to enhance the diffusioncontrolled sodium storage mechanism of HMF-HC.
Before testing, the total real resistance observed via EIS was 2.8 Ω, similar to that in the SnNaSICONSn-100 and SnNaSICONSn-500 cells.
The structural stress on Na-ion (de)insertion could be greatly alleviated through the use of some polyhedral linkage in the structures.
Sodium layered oxides can be classified considering the crystallographic site of sodium and the number of MO 2 layers in the unit cell.
The NASICON framework is constructed from corner-sharing MO 6 F 6-x (M=Ti, V, etc.) octahedra and XO 4 (X = P, S, Si, etc.) tetrahedra.
The SnNaSICONSn-1000 cell further supports the idea that Mode I is the prevailing Na penetration mechanism at higher current densities.
However, compared with lithium ion, sodium ion has a larger diameter, which limits the rate of sodium ion embedding in a host material.
For this purpose, real-life data from SIB cells implemented in applications should be incorporated, as such data are currently lacking.
In particular, aqueous sodium-ion batteries have attracted great interest in terms of their safety, low-cost and high-rate capability .
Also, it is assumed that a high K + doping can surely lead to the enlarged crystal structure, being favorable for sodium ion migration.
This report also discusses about the SEI formation and its stability and how it's get affected over cycles as sodium-ion battery anode.
The distribution of the 641 NASICONs predicted to be synthetically accessible is presented in Fig. 1c, sorted by their metal chemistry.
Cells without NaCBH (HC/NASICON/Na) and without NASICON (HC + NaCBH composite electrode/ NaCBH/Na) were constructed in the same manner.
This destruction of the original spherical morphology has been observed in other Na-ion LTMOs employing spray pyrolysis [Fig. 5(f-i)] .
In contrast, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have the advantages of a wider source of raw materials, lower cost, and more safety than LIBs.
Nevertheless, the cathode of sodium-ion batteries faces significant difficulties and challenges when utilizing Prussian blue analogues.
In this paper, we propose an innovative technique for elaborating hard carbons with a controlled porosity, using pressurized pyrolysis.
According to previous studies, 28,37,49 the sloping voltage prole above 0.1 V corresponds to sodium insertion between graphene layers.
We found TiHCF is a good cathode material in organic Li-ion and Na-ion electrolytes, with both Ti and Fe sites are electroactive sites.
SnSb alloy, which can be used as an anode in a sodium-ion cell, was synthesized following a resourceefficient route at low temperature.
Additionally, through scale production, there is the potential for a substantial reduction in the cost of sodium-ion cathode materials.
However, ~366 mAh g -1 was exhibited because of the sluggish kinetics of sodium-ions, as the ionic radii of Na + are larger than Li + .
A symmetric sodium-ion battery using the same P2-Na 0.6 [Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 ]O 2 electrode delivers 75% of the initial capacity at 12C rate.
Moreover, hard carbons could be prepared from low-cost, abundant lignocellulose carbon precursors (Huang et al. 2023;Yang et al. 2023).
In this research we present a method for the synthesis of NASICON type Na 3 Fe 2 (PO 4 ) 3 by oxalate precursor in a water environment.
P3-type LTMOs have garnered significant attention due to their high theoretical specific capacity and cost-effective synthesis methods.
One of the most promising candidates, P3-type layered sodium manganese oxide (P3-Na x MnO 2 ) can be obtained via solid-state reaction.
Based on these results, the sodium storage behavior can be divided into two regions: a lowpotential plateau and a high-potential slope.
As shown in our previous study for a single hard carbon, 30 prior to turning point A, only the interlayer sites are lled with Na ions.
The strong sodium adsorption energies calculated for the O C V C defect indicate that this defect would greatly improve sodium storage.
To assess the sodium storage on these defective surfaces, the sodium adsorption energy ( ) 52,53 was calculated (equation 𝐸 𝑁𝑎 𝑎𝑑𝑠 S2).
Therefore a combination of ternary composition diagrams including (1-x-y) NaNi0.7Co0.3O2, xNa2MnO3, and yNaCoO2 have been investigated.
GC1900 would hence be expected to have a lower sodium intercalation potential than the samples with higher average interlayer distance.
A bipolar polymer cathode material, containing redox-active azo benzene and diamine moieties, was synthesized for sodium-ion batteries.
NASICON has a three dimensional (3D) frame structure, which is formed by XO 4 tetrahedrons and MO 6 octahedrons (as shown in Fig. 7a) .
With the development of the battery industry, batteries based on sodium ions and lithium ions are two types of commonly used batteries.
Additionally, the Zn 2+ and Ti 4+ doped NASICON ceramics create oxygen vacancies and zirconium vacancies to preserve charge neutrality.
Samples are named as NaSICON-Xh, where X defines the number of total hours (h) current was applied to the corresponding symmetric cell.
The conditions during preheating were particularly important in determining the electrochemical properties of the obtained hard carbon.
Based on theoretical calculations, the authors concluded that such an interlayer distance ensures Na-ion insertion in carbon materials.
The diffusion coefficient D Na + of sodium ions in the two samples was calculated as a function of potential, as shown in Fig. 4c andd.
We demonstrate that the electrochemical performance of TiO 2 as an anode in sodium-ion batteries is highly dependent on its morphology.
Natron Energy in Santa Clara, California, produces both the cathode and anode from Prussian Blue, (transition metal hexacyanoferrates).
S19), which explains why the migration coefficient of sodium ions decreases during charging and increases during discharging (Fig. 2h).
The powder calcined at 1200 °C mainly consists of monoclinic NaSICON phase (95.4%) with only a small monoclinic ZrO 2 impurity (see Fig.
However, the single reduction peak obtained for NH1 (750 °C) corresponds to the intercalation of sodium ions into the crystal structure.
Moreover, it is found that the 2Hphase CrN 2 exhibits a desirable sodium ion diffusion barrier, indicating high mobility of sodium ions.
The as-prepared micrometric NCMo product material was found to act as 4.1 V cathode in LIB (Fig. 5a) and 4.0 V cathode in SIB (Fig. 5b).
Spinel lithium titanate (LTO; Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 ) is one of the promising materials for negative electrodes of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
A novel low cost sodium-ion battery electrolyte additive ZSM-5 nanozeolite, which improves cycle life, is demonstrated in a Na-ion cell.
The slower sodium-ion kinetics of O3-type material is an inherent characteristic due to its narrower spacing between sodium interlayers.
The higher Prussian blue analogue content, the shorter equilibrium time and larger capacity for the magnetic microgel could be achieved.
This article is still a good illustration of the potential of sodium-ion batteries and is likely to be studied more fully in the future.
A binder-free SIB alloying anode constructed from MOF-derived C and Bi nanodots has shown a higher performance than the bare electrode .
The composition of sodium-ion battery (SIB) electrolytes significantly influences their thermal stability, a critical factor for safety.
A specific recycling model for sodium ion batteries is required so as to evaluate the recycling performance of the considered batteries.
At the same time, HiNa company 101 (China) developed power banks (120 Wh kg -1 ) using O3-type Na x [Cu,Fe,Mn]O 2 layered oxide cathode.
As a novel electrochemical energy-storage technology, the SIB can take advantages of low cost in widespread energy storage applications.
Among the four samples, NCMO-2.00 wt% CeO 2 has the highest sodium-ion diffusion, which is consistent with the longest length of c-axis.
Consequently, the Na-ion intercalation ability can be affected if these impurities are not eliminated, which is further discussed below.
S7,' shows that Sn-coated NaSICON demonstrates excellent wetting to the Na compared to bare NaSICON, regardless of Sn coating thickness.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are a very worthwhile development because of high Na reserves in the world, which can bring many advantages.
Stevens and Dahn were the first who studied the sodium insertion into hard carbon electrodes, using in situ X-ray scattering techniques.
Based on DFT calculations, the vacancy repairing mechanism is established and its effect on the sodium storage performance is discussed.
The electrochemical performances of our CSNs/MWCNT SIB composite anodes are superior to many literature reports (Table S1 † and Fig. 5).
A sodium-ion full cell was designed with a cathode-to-anode mass ratio of 3:1, determined based on the reversible capacity of the anode.
To conclude, manganese pyrosilicate was successfully prepared for the use as a new positive electrode material for sodium ion batteries.
Na-ion paths were improved in Na3-xM1-xZrxCl6, indicating that Na vacancies by the aliovalent substitution facilitated Na-ion diffusion.
A full cell with an N/P ratio of approximately 1.1 was constructed using a P2-NFMO-CoMgLi cathode and hard carbon (denoted as HC) anode.
The major Bragg diffraction peaks of corresponding XRD (λ =0.412748 Å) patterns can be indexed using the P3-type layered structure (S.G.
The result indicates that we could prepare hard carbons with higher capacities using lignocellulose with a low content of hemicellulose.
This study underscores the importance of pre-treatments in removing impurities and enhancing the material's sodium storage capabilities.
Results suggest that Na-deficient, Lewis acidic conditions dramatically increase the ionic impedance at the NaSICON-catholyte interface.
In this paper we report the synthesis and characterization of a g-Fe 2 O 3 /reduced graphene oxide composite anode for Na-ion batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) appear as an interesting solution to free ourselves from the use of some critical elements cited previously.
Because of the inadequate sodium storage capacity of graphite, the exploration of high-performance SIB anodes is a crucial step forward.
Researchers have explored various types of solvent to compose SIB electrolytes (Table S1 †), including carbonate, ether, phosphate, etc.
Therefore, it is more advantageous to find a kind of SSEs that can quickly transfer sodium ions in the bulk phase as liquid electrolyte.
Despite several peaks corresponding to impurities, the preheated hard carbon (MC-T500h6) clearly showed a turbostratic carbon structure.
Therefore, the components and valence states of the elements in the O3-type material need to be regulated reasonably in the application.
The peaks at high voltage (1.0, 1.3 and 1.6 V) in the first cathodic scan could be attributed to sodium intercalation into SnS 2 layers.
In this structure, manganese ions occupy the positions of sodium-ions, while sulfur or selenium ions randomly replace the chloride ions.
The total resistance for sodium insertion/extraction was initially greater than that of lithium in unmodified MCF700: 62 ³ at 0.03 V vs.
Unlike sol-gel and solid-state methods, the hydro/solvothermal method has been shown to produce optimal spherical Na-ion LTMO particles.
Several Sb composites have been presented to improve Na + storage performances of SIB anodes with more resilience for volume variations.
Over the last decade, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have garnered considerable attention as potential solutions to the challenges of LIBs.
To reveal the sodium-ion storage behavior in the plateau region, in situ XRD characterization and ex situ SAXS techniques were employed.
In particular, 1.2 mS cm -1 is one of the highest conductivities among reported NASICON conductors at room temperature ( ~25 °C) 47,48 .
O3-type compounds, typically NaMO 2 (M: Ni, Co, Mn, Fe, Cr, V and so on), possess the same crystal structure as LiMO 2 (M: Ni, Co, Mn) .
Despite a large amount of available literature sources, the sodium ion transport mechanism and structure are not fully understood today.
The surface defects and oxygen heteroatoms on the hard carbon surfaces were modelled in terms of oxygen defects on a graphene monolayer.
Na metal and Fe 3 O 4 /hard carbon electrodes were used as counter electrodes in the half cell and full-cell measurements, respectively.
Among them, Prussian blue and its analogues (PBAs) have been investigated intensively due to their excellent electrochemical properties.
The mechanism of sodium insertion in the ionic liquid electrolyte is essentially the same as that in organic solvent-based electrolytes.
Other composite hybrids and phosphorous alloys have been extensively explored as SIB alloying anodes with many recent detailed reviews .
It is interesting to note that the migration barrier of sodium ions increases (0.43 → 0.89 eV) as the sodium ion content decreases (Fig.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been considered as an important supplement to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) due to its earth abundancy .
Aluminum foil was used as the working electrode and two-separate Prussian blue electrodes were used as reference and counter electrodes.
We also find that the large first sodiaiton capacity of B-doped hard carbon is highly irreversible in the following desodiation process.
Both HC electrodes exhibited typical hard carbon charge-discharge behavior, with capacities above 250 mAh (g-HC) ¹1 at 50 mA (g-HC) ¹1 .
This approach can facilitate the electron transport, which is essential for the redox processes that occur during Na-ion extraction 25 .
To summarize trends between all WAXS parameters, the microstructural differences between glucose-derived hard carbons are insignificant.
Na-ion cathode materials operating at high voltage with a stable cycling behavior are needed to develop future high-energy Na-ion cells.
A Molten Sodium Battery at 110 o C NaSICON sintered at 1230°C yields >96% bulk density, acceptable phase purity, and ~10 -3 S/cm at 25°C.
Rechargeable Na-ion batteries for grid-scale applications require key battery materials that couple high performance with sustainability.
Na/Na + . 56 In the first cycle (Fig. 2a), all hard carbons exhibit coulombic efficiency (CE) values not lower than 82 ± 5.11% (Fig. 2b).
Between 2.5 and 3.7 V cell voltage, the 2nd stage of hard carbon sodiation occurs, this is observed as the voltage plateau 0.2-0.01 V vs.
The aim of this study is to understand the mechanism of redox activity of the P2-type cathode material Na 0.78 Co 1/2 Mn 1/3 Ni 1/6 O 2 .
This larger size affects the mobility of sodium ions within the battery and results in lower energy density compared to Li-ion batteries.
In detail, 1 g NaMnO 4 solution (40 wt%, Aldrich) and 1.8 g (NH 4 ) 2 C 2 O 4 •H 2 O (≥99%, Aldrich) were added to 40 mL deionized water.
This study focused on using NaFeCl 4 , comprising ubiquitous elements, as an electrode material for all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries.
The first-generation SIB made available by CATL provides a number of benefits over lithium iron phosphate batteries, as seen in Figure 4.
To further screen the materials electrochemically, initial tests were performed on half-cells with sodium metal as the counter electrode.
The increase in temperature induces the progressive conversion from P3type to P2-type structure in agreement with increase of Na content.
The rGO_2/CMC cathode was presodiated for 30 minutes in a short circuit with a sodium metal disc in 1 M NaClO 4 in the EC:PC electrolyte.
A practically attained capacity of 184 mAh g -1 with metallic sodium anode was attained presenting high specific energy of 395 Wh kg -1 .
To see the possible applications of this epoxy-NASICON solid df electrolyte, a half-cell was fabricated with an Na metal and NVP cathode.
Even though its energy density is lower, Na-ion technology is estimated to lead to a cost reduction of 30% compared to Li-ion technology.
During the discharge stage, sodium ions will be released from the anode and intercalated into the layered transition metal oxide layers .
The sintered Nasicon samples had a disk-shape with the density of ~3.0 g cm -3 , the diameter of ~12.20 mm, and the thickness of 1.00 mm.
However, generally speaking, sodium ion channels are inherently unstable on ferrite, thus alternative materials need to be investigated .
Figure 4g shows the typical CV curves of the Na x H 2-x Ti 2 O 5 || NaMnO 2 •0.1H 2 O full cell at different scan rates of 1-50 mV s -1 .
This compound displayed a capacity of roughly 165 mAh g -1 and a higher potential of over 4V versus the sodium metal reference electrode.
GO as a composite anode with Sb showed a high sodium storage capacity of 220 mAh g -1 at an ultra high current density of 12 A g - 1 38 .
However, SIBs are characterized by slow diffusion kinetics and irreversible structural changes caused by the large radius of sodium ions.
The calculated activation barrier of 0.98 eV for this hop is high, 47 suggesting Ca 2+ is mostly immobile in the empty NaSICON framework.
These advancements, combining material innovation and systemlevel strategies, promise to elevate SIB safety for large-scale applications.
Retraction of 'Mesoporous amorphous FeOF nanococoons for high-rate and long-life rechargeable sodium-ion batteries' by Shi Yan Fu et al.,
HR-TEM analysis of the cycled O3-type positive electrode was performed with JEM-ARM200F (JEOL, Japan) after FIB-based sample preparation.
An intermediate phase of Na 0. to form until all the NaFePO 4 have been converted into Na 0.7 -FePO 4 , thus this is a two-step reaction.
S19c, sodium-ion capacitors with a cathode to anode mass ratio of 2:1 exhibit an optimal combination of power density and energy density.
A strategy is proposed herein to enhance the fast-charging performance of bamboo-derived hard carbon by constructing a phosphating layer.
Sodium-ion battery (SIB) is currently a well-developed, next-generation commercial rechargeable battery technology (Usiskin et al. 2021).
However, their cost-effectiveness declines if the sodium-ion supply chain, particularly segments involving nickel, faces similar strains.
Therefore, many researchers have attempted to discover alternative anodes for NIBs and the hard carbon (HC) turns out to be a candidate .
The rate capacity of NIBs in organic electrolytes is limited by the slower sodium transport because of the larger ion size of sodium ion.
Both will depend on the actual morphology of the hard carbons indicating the complicated reality of HC anodes in SIBs as well as in LIBs.
For the hard carbon system, two main levels of structure are involved: scattering from the bulk microparticles and from the closed pores.
S10a-c 28,42 which they related to structural changes affecting the sodium ion migration barrier that leads to different voltage proles.
However, it is undeniable that sodium-ion batteries currently face challenges such as low energy density and high operating temperatures.
These effects of Nb-doping are also expected for Na0.74CoO2 cathode material, which has never been reported to the best of our knowledge.
It is a pity that the current works of triple atom-doped hard carbons are still focused on the improvement of electrochemical properties.
The transformation allows you to obtain the following eqn : The value of the slope (b) is used to determine the sodium storage mechanism.
This is a first indication that the addition of PS as sacrificial templates does not significantly change the hard carbon microstructure.
Smaller particle size and some specific morphologies, in which the sodium ion diffusion distance is shortened, can improve the capacity .
Thanks to the huge available room for sodium insertion, the EIS spectra of 1.5 and 0.5 V are almost the same with that plotted for 2.5 V.
As fast sodium-ion conductors with a similar structure, NASICON-structure materials are likely to benet from this ion-exchange strategy.
Apart from that, all SIB suffer from signicantly higher AP impacts associated with the anode active material (hard carbon) than the LIB.
Notably, small bias potentials during the EIS measurements in such a situation can initiate partial sodium intercalation/deintercalation.
Sustainable, high-performance carbonaceous anode materials are highly required to bring sodium-ion batteries to a more competitive level.
As reported in the literature, the hydrothermal pretreatment results in hard carbons with more developed micro-and ultra-microporosities.
The stability of the NASICON structure during cycling was also confirmed by in situ PXRD experiments of NaFe 1.6 V 0.4 (PO 4 )(SO 4 ) 2 .
The sodium ions and dopants will be less attracted to one another due to the low valence cations that are present at the zirconium sites.
SIB binders are mainly polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF), polyacrylic acid (PAA), polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) and carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC).
Na/ Na + . 26 Therefore, it is possible to fabricate a symmetric SIB with outstanding safety by utilizing the NVP as a cathode and anode.
Among these defects, the Na vacancy formation energy is the lowest, which is the main mechanism to improve the conduction of sodium ions.
The good electrochemical performance in the half-cell of KNVO inspired us to further explore its practicability in full Na-ion batteries.
These excellent properties suggest that PHC is one of the most promising anode material for large-scale sodium-ion batteries application.
In conclusion, we have successfully prepared NCO and NCNO by solid-state route and demonstrated as cathode materials for Na-ion batteries.
Computational simulation further proves the lattice mismatch at the phase boundary facilitates more interstitial space for sodium storage.
However, the production cost of hard carbon is high, so optimizing the electrochemical performance of coal-derived hard carbon is adopted.
When it is used as anode in sodium-ion battery, the SPC-180 electrodes exhibit high capacity and stable cycling performance at high rates.
Phenazine and sodium metal are mixed in dimethoxyethane (DME) solvent in equal amounts to obtain the PNZ-Na reagent, as described in eqn .
A better SO 2 recovery in the hard carbon production process would reduce these impacts but also the benet of recycling in this category.
Despite Ca 2+ occupying the Na + site, the small amount of Ca doping does not appear to negatively affect the sodium storage capabilities.
These materials provide greater mechanical stability, which helps maintain the structural integrity of the SIB and extends its cycle life.
More cell specic recycling processes would be required for unlocking the full recovery potential for these emerging SIB cell chemistries.
Hard carbon is a terminology typically used to distinguish carbons that are non-graphitizable from graphitizable by heat treatment 46,47 .
An ultrafast (dis)charging SIB anode consisting of MOF-derived nanospherical Bi@C with hard C has been reported recently by Liang et al. .
The successful assembly of the BT and NVP full batteries indicates that BT is a promising organic anode material for sodium ion batteries.
A detailed future outlook is proposed, focusing on advanced nanomaterial tailoring methods and component modifications in SIB fabrication.
This work provides insight and strategies for improving the structural stability and electrochemical performance of sodium layered oxides.
The thick carbon layer act as a barrier for Na-ion diffusion and thus affects the electrochemical performance even at low current density.
These promising electrochemical performances in the full cell show that PHC-0.2 could be a promising anode material for Na-ion full cells.
As it does not contain lithium/sodium ions, it needs to be pre-treated when combined with graphite and hard carbon to form a full battery.
The estimation indicates that the P'2-type layered oxide is the main phase with around 33% while 14% corresponds to O3-type layered oxide.
Thus, the expanded d-spacing of MoS 2 in the MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid can efficiently improve the insertion/extraction kinetics of sodium ions.
The solubility of electrode materials in the electrolyte has a significant impact on the cycling stability of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
These were dissolved in EtOH in accordance with NASICON stoichiometry, ball milled for 1 d, and then dried to obtain the precursor powder.
The effect of the carbon substrates on the electrochemical performance of C 4 N in aqueous alkaline sodium-ion batteries was investigated.
This thoroughly verifies that the pore-generating effect of CO 2 etching exerts a positive impact on closed-pore formation in hard carbon.
Retraction of 'Hollow amorphous NaFePO 4 nanospheres as a high-capacity and high-rate cathode for sodium-ion batteries' by Chun Li et al.,
In this work, Fe-substituted Prussian blue Na 1.58 Fe 0.07 Mn 0.97 Fe(CN) 6 • 2.65H 2 O is first employed as a cathode material for ASIBs.
Before fabricating pouch cells, comprehensive characterization of commercial hard carbon anodes (Kuraray Co. type 2) was carried out (Fig.
To facilitate better sampling of Na-ion diffusion, the unit cells used in AIMD are expanded into supercells for the ML-driven MD sampling.
For cells assembled with bare NaSICON (no Sn coating), one large semicircle 53 f2 in diameter is seen, displaced 7.9 f2 along the Z' axis.
SEM images show that these as-prepared hard carbon samples still retain natural pores and well-connected structure (Supplementary Fig. 3).
This decrease becomes pronounced in the late plateau, which can be interpreted as a signature of sodium ion diffusion into the micropores.
To further evaluate the practical application of high purity NFPP for SIBs, hard carbon (HC) was used as the anode to assemble full cells.
These factors influence the structural properties and purity of the hard carbon, impacting its effectiveness as an anode material in SIBs.
Ag/AgCl) in neutral electrolytes due to the low OER overpotential, thus restricting the ESW of aqueous sodium-ion batteries less than 2 V.
As the potential decreases, sodium ions are inserted between the layers of hard carbon materials, resulting in a decrease in D Na + value.
Later, it was found that hard carbon had a disordered structure and wide interlayer spacing, which is beneficial to the storage of sodium.
Although many modifications have been made for carbonaceous anodes, none has fully satisfied the standard of a commercial SIB anode [34, .
The development of cathode and anode materials for sodium-ion batteries generally follows the development framework for lithium batteries.
P3-type K 0.6 Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 O 2 is synthesized via a solid-state method and is tested as a positive electrode for potassium-ion batteries.
The arrangement of M 2 O 8 F 3 bioctahedra and PO 4 polyhedra is identical with NVPF, while the sodium ions distribution is more complex .
The mutual repulsion between those positive charge carriers causes a lower Na-ion diffusion barrier in Ti 2 NbC 2 T x @CDs (Fig. 8o andp).
Recent work suggests sodiation of hard carbon proceeds by insertion of sodium at defects, within the interlayers and inside the nanopores.
By matching with P2-Na2/3Ni1/3Mn2/3O2 cathode materials, the full battery shows a 3.5 V operating voltage and excellent cycle performance.
At this point, both the Na-ion (12.5%) and vacancy contents (Na vacancy: 87.5%, Cl vacancy: 25%) reach their optimal thresholds (Fig. 2h).
Herein, we successfully accelerated potassium ion kinetics in the hard carbon anode by coating it on top of ferroelectric t-BTO particles.
The surface energy of these P2-type entropy-tuned materials is mainly affected by configurational entropy S config at a given temperature.
So far, non-graphitizing hard carbons (HCs) have been considered promising alternatives to graphite among the sp 2 carbon family for SIBs.
The enlarged nano-pores of tiny graphite-like domains of HTPC-H-160 compared to that of DPC-H play an important role for Na-ion diffusion.
We further observe that the highly defective B-doped hard carbon suffers a tremendous irreversible capacity in the first desodiation cycle.
Specically, when analysing E BVSE (Na) coulombic repulsions between mobile sodium ions (Na + ) and immobile Mg 2+ cations were considered.
All-solid-state sodium-ion batteries (ASIBs) have good application prospects due to the high energy density, high safety and long lifetime.
Similarly, SnSb NCs show also outstanding Na-ion storage properties with only $5% capacity loss over 100 cycles at a rate of 5000 mA g À1 .
Zhang et al. have proposed a blending wet chemical synthetic strategy for Sb 2 S 3 with the 2D MXenes for optimum SIB anode configuration .
Therefore, this research indicates that a suitable carbon material for the NFS cathode can greatly activate the sodium storage performance.
This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2025 Na plating on the hard carbon electrode, 23 Na operando solidstate NMR was performed.
Sodium metal has physical and chemical properties similar to the lithium because it is in the IA group in the periodic system of elements .
The Sn coating was visualized as the small particles covering and surrounding the cube-like NaSICON grains in the high-magnification inset.
This area of pores observed for LTaAP-0.1 shows crystalline grains and NASICON cubic structure when viewed at higher magnification of 7.5K.
It should be noted that dangling carbon bonds are very reactive and may serve as sites for the functionalization of hard carbon structures.
Na/Na +. , capacity retention of 83% was observed, which is a very promising result from the aspect of the development of Na-ion batteries.
Therefore, the introduction of divalent or trivalent substituents could potentially further increase the Na + ion conductivity in NaSICONs.
In addition, this technique appears to be useful for synthesizing a variety of other materials suited for next generation Na-ion batteries.
By conducting a thorough analysis of the aforementioned test outcome, the sodium-ion storage mechanism of the HCs was displayed in Fig. 5e.
Amorphous NaFePO4 is another material that shows great promise for SIBs, particularly due to its cost-effectiveness, abundance, and safety.
The samples, obtained after heating, are examined via Mossbauer spectroscopy and are named NASICON 1 and NASICON 2, respectively (Table 1).
The Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2/Na half cells were cycled in the voltage range of 2-4 V for cathode performance and 0.01-2.5 V for anode performance.
The Na + diffusion coefficients are in the order of 10 -6 to 10 -5 cm 2 s -1 , which conrms the superionic properties of studied NASICONs.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) emerged as an option that can curb the shortcomings of LIBs since sodium is highly abundant and cost effective.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a promising candidate due to their abundant raw materials, cost-effectiveness, and safety 3-5 .
These regions can attract and hold sodium ions more effectively due to localized electronic interactions, making adsorption more favorable.
Sodium ion batteries are a promising alternative to conventional lithium-ion batteries, mostly for large scale energy storage applications.
In this context, sodium indium hexacyanoferrate appears to have a high potential to be a high-voltage cathode for aqueous Na-ion batteries.
In this work, a manganese-based, cobalt-free, layered Na x Mn 3/4 Ni 1/4 O 2 cathode active material for sodium-ion batteries is developed.
This approach is necessary due to the inhomogeneous nature of the hard carbon, which requires more input to establish solid quantification.
We report a (Ni)MnO2 layered birnessite material with a framwork doping of Ni ions as the cathode for much enhanced aqueous Na-ion storage.
The interest in (and re-emergence of) sodium ion batteries (NIBs) is therefore motivated by the abundance and ubiquity of sodium resources.
These structural properties of HCs are beneficial for reversible sodium storage capacity, particularly in the plateau region (below 0.1 V).
The P2-type structure contains two sodium sites, where the Na site face shares and the Na site edge shares with transition metal octahedra.
The research on electrolyte additives for subzero-temperature aqueous sodium-ion batteries has not been systematically reviewed at present.
The half-batteries were assembled to evaluate the sodium storage behavior of the synthesized as SIB anodes in a voltage range of 0.3-3.0 V.
The first step is associated with a ΔG of -0.72 eV and the second step's ΔG= -0.83 eV, demonstrating the four sodium-ion storage mechanism.
To date, there has been little investigation on the performance of these ultra-small Bi 2 Te 3 nanocrystals in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
As indicated by the investigation of X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns and Raman spectra, filter paper derived carbons are all hard carbons.
The calculated energy barrier for Na-ion diffusion was 0.015 eV, and their diffusion migrates from T 2 to T 0 2 sites through the T 3 site.
The assembling of sodium-ion battery was finished in a MBraun glove box filled with highly pure argon gas (O 2 and H 2 O levels < 0.5 ppm).
The samples, obtained after heating, are examined via Mössbauer spectroscopy and are named NASICON 1 and NASICON 2, respectively (Table 1).
Moreover, from this, the intensity ratio of different peaks can give a detailed look into the disordered nature of the hard carbon samples.
Wu et al 43 reported that the layered Na0.99TiO2 undergoes a reversible O3 to O'3 phase transition during sodiation/de-sodiation mechanism.
The isosurfaces of the Na-ion probability densities during 40 ps AIMD calculations at 1000 K were plotted using an isosurface value of 4P0.
Sodium ion batteries meet the demand for large-scale energy storage, such as in electric vehicles, due to the material abundance of sodium.
Compressive or tensile strain is not found to affect the dimensionality of ion transport in either LiFePO 4 or NaFePO 4 , which remains 1D.
Electrochemical sodium and lithium insertion into hard carbon (HC) relies on two main reactions: adsorption/intercalation and pore-filling.
The hard carbon performance is crucial since the applied current during formation can vary from that used during capacity characterization.
The porous structure of the Co 3 O 4 cube could offer plentiful diffusion paths for sodium ions and effectively alleviate volume expansion.
The energetics of these processes dictate the characteristic sloping region and plateau when hard carbon is charged/discharged with sodium.
This research provides an eco-friendly approach for the high-value utilization of woody biomass as anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
Several combinations, including (1-x-y) NaNi 0.7 Co 0.3 O 2 , xNa 2 MnO 3, and yNaCoO 2 systems, have been prepared by the sol-gel methods.
Conversely, bismuth has a higher operating potential than hard carbon, thus having the potential to allow higher currents during sodiation.
Further studies to improve the cycling performance of the Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 anode as well as to build full Liand Na-ion cells are in progress.
It is demonstrated that this material has an impressive high rate capability and long cycle life for room temperature sodium ion batteries.
In summary, we have successfully synthesized a new 03-type layer-structured metal oxide cathode Na(NiCoFeTi)1/402 for sodium ion batteries.
Herein, we reveal controllable regulation of solution structures in electrolytes by manipulating solvent interactions for Na-ion batteries.
Here we report a layered manganese-based Prussian blue analogue, synthesized through vacancy control and subsequent thermal transformation.
Sodium-ion batteries are a promising alternative to lithium-ion batteries due to their potential for lower cost and greater sustainability.
The density of NASICON synthesized via the solid-phase method was 3.17 g cm ¹3 , which is close to the theoretical density (3.27 g cm ¹3 ).
Among them, 289 of the molecules are predicted to be stable for the sodiation reactions that take place at the sodium-ion battery cathodes.
For calculations with a thickness of less than 600 µm, epoxy-NASICON was used, and for real experiments, a 500 µm thick sample is required.
Hard carbons were obtained by pre-pyrolysing, followed by treating with base and acid solutions and nally by post-pyrolysing the material.
Secondly, there are still few reports, however, on the use of multi-shelled hollow micro-/nanostructured cathodes for sodium-ion batteries.
The Nasicon SE-based Na-air cell was electrochemically cycled for 10 cycles in open air with 70% relative humidity (RH) at 25 °C (Fig. 2a).
The mechanical durability becomes especially crucial during cycling at the high voltages to make SIB cells cost-competitive with LIB cells.
In this study, we report the structure, morphology and conductivity of the earth-abundant Mn/Febased NASICON phosphate Na 4 MnFe(PO 4 ) 3 .
Gross et al. used similar cells in a previous work and a schematic is included in Figure S2. 53 The Na|NaSICON contact area was 1.77 cm 2 .
However, although the SIB development has been rapid since about 2010, the commercial impact remains small, especially as compared to LIBs.
As shown in Fig. 3h, an all-iron-based low-cost SIB full cell was activated and operated at 100 mA g -1 in the voltage window of 0.1-4.0 V.
The "soluble" here does not refer to a true solubility, but only the tendency of certain Prussian blue samples to form colloidal solutions.
The two best scoring SIB (NaMMO and NaNMMT), would even outperform the LiNMC in this category still with energy densities around 25% lower.
The electrochemical performance of SnO 2 @C@Sb 2 O 3 as SIB anode is compared with other metal oxide anodes previously reported in Table 1.
Slope capacity is assumed to adsorption mechanism, while plateau capacity is resulting from sodium ion insertion into graphene-like sheets.
The diffusion coefficients of sodium ions (D) were estimated using the following equation: The nomenclature of the equation is given in SI.
This work explores the effect of carbonization temperature and impurity content on electrochemical property of PHC in sodium-ion batteries.
Nanostructured materials such as TiO 2 , Co 3 O 4 , Mo 2 C , and CoS have been successfully applied in lithium/sodium-ion hybrid capacitors.
The SnNaSICONSn-500 cell depleted its sodium reservoir before it could reach the 2.3 Ah cm -2 cutoff and led to an open circuit in the cell.
In NASICON-type materials, the total TM content accounts for approximately ∼23-24 wt.% when considering only one sodium-ion reaction per TM.
Biomassderived hard carbon is deemed to be a good choice because of its superior material properties, abundance source, and cost advantages.
This cathode material could be the answer to the quest for SIBs if three sodium ion reactions reversibly accessed with structural stability.
In summary, we prepared Sn-P compounds for SIB anodes through a simple solvothermal transformation process of Sn metal in the presence of P.
These results offer promise for the potential application of layered transition-metal disulfides as anode materials of sodium-ion batteries.
Moreover, the Zn 3 Nb 2 O 8 materials and their applications as anode materials in lithium/sodium-ion batteries have yet to be investigated.
However, as mentioned before, the porosity of hard carbon is very complex and particular, and the N2 gas is insufficient to characterize it.
NASICON-type NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , obtained by Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ conversion, exhibits a reversible Na storage capacity of ca. 120 mAh/g at 2.1 V vs.
Water pollution and Sloid pollution get higher score in the index, SIB is better than LIB in two factors, solid pollution and raw materials.
The authors explained that the higher temperature renders hard carbons less porous and defective, which effectively improves the initial CE.
Because sodium-based compounds are more abundant than lithium, it is expected that Na-ion batteries would have a much lower production cost.
Since a factor such as I D / I G critically affects the performance of hard carbons for battery applications, it is better to maintain them.
This study shows [B(hfip) 4 ] À ionic liquids have the desired physical and electrochemical properties for high-voltage sodium electrolytes.
A nickel-supported Sb 2 O 3 SIB anode with a good performance (445 mAh g -1 ) and a CE of 89% over 200 cycles has been previously reported .
Accordingly, Maulana et al. synthesized FeF 2 nanoparticles encapsulated in N-doped graphitic carbon (FeF 2 @NGC) for use as a SIB cathode .
Since sodium reserves are abundant and easily accessible, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) exhibit promising potential for large-scale ESSs 1-3 .
For sodium-ion storage, Fe-N-C-2 preserved excellent high-rate cyclic stability, maintaining 152.6 mAh g -1 after 500 cycles at 0.5 A g -1 .
Moreover, SEM images reveal, a uniform distribution of small zirconia grains (white particles), as part of a typical NASICON microstructure.
Here, we demonstrate reversible Fe 2.4+ to Fe 3+ redox reaction of Prussian blue electrodes cycled in 17 m NaClO4 water-in-salt electrolyte.
XRD simulation was performed via CrystalMaker (version 2.3.2) with the structure of P2-type Na 0.2 MnO 2 (space group: P6 3 /mmc) 13,20,22 .
These efforts have yielded promising results with the potential to unlock the full potential of P2-type materials for high-performance SIBs.
More interestingly, this material can be used as a negative electrode for aqueous sodium-ion batteries with very stable cycling performance.
A sodium-ion full-cell with dandelion MnS as the anode and a Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 @C (NVP@C) composite as the cathode was also studied herein.
The full-cell sodium-ion battery was constructed using MnS as anode and Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 @C (NVP@C) as cathode in a CR2032-type coin cell.
The electrochemical sodium storage performance of HMF-HC is evaluated in half-cells with 1 M NaPF 6 in a diglyme as an electrolyte solution.
To verify the presence of quasi-metallic sodium, Fig. 7c displays the optical photograph of hard carbon electrodes discharged to 0.01 V (vs.
N , S and F ) is another efficient way to elevate sodium storage capacity by enhancing Na adsorption capability and electronic conductivity.
The NASICON sample appears to have a compact structure with a reasonably adequate degree of densification as dopant concentrations increase.
Xiao and co-workers reported a O3 NaNi 1/3 Mn 1/3 Fe 1/3 O 2 uniformly wrapped by Na-ion conductor Na 2 SiO 3 via in situ coating (Fig. 8a).
It was discovered that the NASICON crystal structure changed from monoclinic to rhombohedral as a result of the addition of doping material.
Further sodium insertion, however, drives a transition to rhombohedral symmetry with similar reversible capacity as for stoichiometric TiO2.
Here, we explored a novel cathode material P2-Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 (NLFMO) and tested its electrochemical performance in Na half-cells.
The aim of this work is to present a novel lignin-based hard carbon as an electrode material for applications in electrochemical capacitors.
There are no results available (NA) for Prussian blue analogues, given that there are no hazards indicated based on the selected thresholds.
Compared with P2-type cathodes, O3-type materials possess higher sodium content, rendering them desirable to couple with sodium-free anode .
In this work, we utilized Prussian blue analogue functionalized magnetic microgels along with ionized chitosan for cesium removal from clay.
To test our hypothesized Na-ion storage mechanism, we have obtained the desirable structural properties of hard carbon by heteroatom doping.
However, the lower conductivity of hard carbon than that of graphitizable carbons is another defect, which results in poor rate performance.
The above results indicate that as the proportion of Zn 2 (OH) 2 CO 3 increases, the degree of graphitization of hard carbon also increases.
Stevens and Dahn used hard carbon with SIBs and found that the reversible capacity of SIBs went up to 300 mAh g -1 (Stevens and Dahn, 2000).
At x = 1/2, the ordering can be described as a row of sodium ions in Na f sites adjacent to two rows of sodium ions in Na e sites (Fig. 1H).
Zhao et al. constructed Fe 2 O 3 nanorods directly on carbon cloth via a simple hydrothermal strategy to develop a free-standing SIB anode .
However, it is still a great challenge to uniformly encapsulate nano-scaled CoS 2 in carbon matrix with favorable sodium storage properties.
Half cells employed self-produced sodium metal foil as the counter electrode. 49 Regarding sodium-ion batteries with symmetrical properties.
The great sodium storage properties of the YS-CoP@NPC can be attributed to the advantageous structural design and N,P co-doped carbon layer.
The researchers have noted the positive effects of interface on hard carbons, and expected to improve the ICE by regulating the electrolyte.
From the microscopic point of view, the good contact between the smooth PLM leads to a lower sodium ion transport barrier in PLM interfaces.
In contrast, the peak P8 at low-frequency regime (≥10 1 s) is attributed to the diffusion process of sodium ions inside the bulk electrode .
Note that the hard carbon of PHC still exhibits SSAs aer high-temperature treatment, suggesting numerous defects in the carbon matrix (Fig.
Nonetheless, Na-ion batteries are less prone to overheating and thermal runaway, potentially making them safer for large-scale applications.
The main PhDOS peaks are located at 252.13 cm -1 and 416 cm -1 , with intensities of 1.27 and 1.13 for ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5, respectively.
Most of the capacity destructive processes arise in the initial cycle, causing a low ICE, particularly in the case with alloying SIB anodes.
Copyright 2020, Elsevier). their capacity but also their cycle stability and kinetics, underscoring the critical role of sodium ion content.
In-situ XRD showed the material's evolution with a highly reversible intermediate phase, ensuring stable SIB anode performance [Figure 10B].
The low-temperature energy storage performance of sodium-ion batteries is related to the cathode material, anode material, and electrolyte .
Here, we fabricated hierarchical MOF-derived carbonaceous nickel selenides with bi-phase composition for enhanced sodium storage capability.
This additional dataset is stored in the Fig. 4 The labeling layer of CURATOR 42 for each iteration of the four sodium-ion cathode materials.
In this work, a full-cell was assembled using the synthesized cathode NaFe 0.45 Cu 0.05 Co 0.5 O 2 (NFCCu) and hard carbon (HC) as the anode.
However, it is very unlikely to have more than two sodium-ions per f.u. in iron-based PBAs as it would imply Fe being in oxidation state +1 .
Also, the S-C bond increases the electrical conductivity of the carbon frameworks and offers excessive reaction sites for sodium-ion storage.
Although lithium-ion batteries have historically been preferred due to their high energy density, sodium-ion batteries have typically lagged.
It requires less energy for the sodium ions to diffuse around the zirconium ions because there is less electrostatic connection between them.
NASICON-structured Na 2 VTi(PO 4 ) 3 has been prepared recently and its electrochemical property is once evaluated in the aqueous system 23 .
Not many studies on electrolytes have been reported for Na-ion cells, but the ones that exist focus on conventional, liquid-based systems 3 .
Hard carbon attracts wide attentions as the anode for high-energy rechargeable batteries due to its low cost and high theoretical capacities.
Rathnayake et al found by DFT calculations that an interlayer distance of ~6 nm provides optimum interaction energy for sodium intercalation.
The results indicated that framework doping of Ni-ions into MnO2 birnessite favored the Na-ion transport, and thus a better rate performance.
With a discharge voltage of $3.4 V, corresponding to the V 3+ / 4+ redox reaction, 10 NVP is considered to be a typical SIB cathode material.
This material shows an interconnected, multi-channelled monolith structure, which resulted in outstanding rate capability for sodium storage.
The energy barriers of Na-ion migration through the paths in Figures 4(a-c) were evaluated using the BVSE method, as shown in Figures 4(d-f).
This performance is comparable to, or even surpasses, that of some representative sodium-ion full cells reported in the literature [7,19,21,.
At present, sodium-ion battery cathode materials are classified into three categories: polyanionic, transition metal oxide and Prussian blue.
Our findings provide an effective way to enhance sodium diffusion performance, which is beneficial for the design of SIB electrode materials.
However, the release of the first generation of sodium-ion batteries in the CATL era is not the beginning of replacing lithium-ion batteries.
The complex sodium storage mechanisms observed in hard carbons appear incompatible with SEI layers that are rich in such inorganic compounds.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been intensively researched as potential alternative energy storage devices to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs).
Overmuch cobalt Guo et al. introduce Sn into Ni-based layered oxide, it shows the highest redox potential of 3.7 V among all O3-type cathode.
S1. † Through cycling with increasing current densities at different regions, the maximum CCD of NASICON was determined to be 0.04 μA μm -2 .
This combination makes NASICON-PEO composites a promising candidate for enhancing the performance of next-generation energy storage devices .
Notably, this overpotential is lower than that observed in the SnNaSICONSn-500 cell, despite the applied current density being twice as high.
As anodes for sodium-ion batteries, the Sb-PMA-300 composite exhibits a stable capacity of 443 mA h g -1 at a current density of 0.1 A g -1 .
Replacing the anode material with a higher-capacity material than hard carbon will increase the theoretical specific capacity of the battery.
This approach is well-suited to the structured language and format commonly found in scientific articles on sodium layered cathode materials.
Generally, NaM 6 octahedron forms a 3D transmission network via coplanarity, which enables sodium ion to conduct rapidly (Kato et al., 2016).
Therefore, researchers in SIB electrolyte applications have received attention from binary or ternary carbonate solvents containing EC or PC.
The typical hard carbon sphere (Supplementary Figs. 1 and2) was used as a model material to study the correlation between ICE and aging time.
The higher content of the inorganic component facilitates the migration of the sodium ions, which improves the rate performance of the MOFs .
The intercalation and insertion of Na + into the graphitic interlayers and nanovoids of hard carbon were also demonstrated by Komaba et al. .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) represent an alternative to lithiumbased systems, capitalizing on sodium's global abundance and cost advantages .
The pycnometry experiments of the prepared hard carbons were conducted on BELPycno (MicrotracBEL Japan, Inc.) to detect the skeletal density.
In addition, BHC-Zn-41 also delivers more ordered carbon layer structures, which is conducive to the insertion and extraction of sodium ions.
Impacts obtained for GWP and FDP are at the lower end of the range set up by existing LIBs, while for FEP and HTP the SIB outscores all LIBs.
The silicon oxycarbide-hard carbon composite with 4.9 wt% SiOC delivered a reversible (desodiation) capacity of 261 mA h g À1 at 50 mA g À1 .
In such cases, the coating may obstruct sodium-ion diffusion during battery cycling, leading to an increased resistance and reduced capacity.
We notice that discharging to 1.6 V (storing 2 Na-ions per unit cell) leads to the contraction of the unit cell (unit-cell volume: 805 Å 3 ).
Sodium metal anodes are highly reactive, particularly with moisture, which can cause serious burns or fires that are difficult to extinguish.
A heterostructured SnS 2 /Mn 2 SnS 4 /C hybrid has been developed using a simple methodology [Figure 4A], showing a high SIB anode capacity .
Then, all sodium-ion batteries were assembled as CR2032 coin-type batteries in an Ar-lled glovebox with H 2 O and O 2 content below 0.1 ppm.
This was not exhibited in the SnNaSICONSn-100 cell and was most likely due to more difficulty in accommodating the increased current density.
In addition, the layer spacing of hard carbon is higher than that of graphite, thus the peak is shifted to the lower angle of 22.62˚(Fig 1B).
Monoclinic phase transition is a key factor influencing the structural stability and electrochemical performance of O3-type layered cathodes.
While the interlayer spacing of P2-type structure is larger, the P2-type Mn-based layered material has a wider sodium ion transport channel .
There are different types of anode materials viz., alloy, oxide, carbon, sulfide, and titanium-based materials employed for SIB applications.
Sodium ion batteries (NIBs) are a potential alternative to Lithium ion batteries (LIBs) because of their lower cost and greater availability.
The galvanostatic charge-discharge (GCD) technique is used to test the electrochemical sodium-ion storage performances of HC anodes (Fig. 4).
Hence, the sodium-ion battery (SIB) is a viable device that charges and discharges by transferring sodium ions between the cathode and anode.
This occurs because of the Nb substitution, which increases the interslab distance, providing larger space for Na-ion intercalation than NCO.
In this work, we demonstrate a high-rate and long-life MnHCF@PEDOT sodium ion battery cathode through a facile in situ polymerization method.
In addition, the sodium ion diffusion on borophene is estimated to be faster than that on graphyne, phosphorene or MoS 2 at room temperature.
After sublimating red phosphorus in a sealed tube with deposition upon cooling, a phosphide layer was constructed on the hard carbon surface.
Although this might seem surprising, it is consistent with our GITT findings, which indicate enhanced sodium-ion kinetics in the same region.
Of late, metal organic frame work is in progress in the sodium ion batteries in which electrochemical properties can be improved drastically.
The wide range of complementary techniques available today has enabled numerous prospective sodium layered oxide materials to be scrutinised.
In 2020, Chen's group developed an NASICON-type Na 4 MnCr(PO 4 ) 3 cathode material that involved a three-electron reaction process for SIBs.
The addition of Na 3 PS 3 O improved the energy density of the hard carbon||P2-Na 0.66 Ni 0.26 Zn 0.07 Mn 0.67 O 2 cell by 29.7% [Figure 9G].
Many cases have proved that the construction of 3D architectures has a significant impact on improving the sodium storage capacity of anodes.
Moreover, P2-type cathodes suffer from capacity fading when operated in a high voltage range, which in turn result in a shortened cycle life.
Low resistance for the interface of electrode and electrolyte contributes to high sodium-ion diffusion rate during electrochemical processes.
In this regard, hard carbon materials with already proven promise as SIB anodes need more attention when compositing with alloying materials.
The ''X'' in all sample codes of the different polystyrene-templated hard carbons (PS-HC-X) refer to the mass ratio of glucose : polystyrene.
Summarizing all the results so far, it is important to consider limited solubility of Mg 2+ in the NASICON when introducing the Mg 2+ dopant.
One of the main challenges to the poor cyclability is probably associated with the high reactivity of sodiated hard carbon with electrolytes.
This could decrease the charge transfer resistance and enhance the sodium ion diffusion kinetics, as evidenced by the Nyquist plot (Fig. 6h).
To assess the Na-ion storage performance of our SCs, previously reported S-doped carbons were examined for comparison, as shown in Fig. 4a,b.
Meanwhile, as Figure 6 (b) shows, sodium ion batteries prepared by Na2FePO4F/CNT multilayer positive electrodes showed good cyclic stability.
A full economic assessment will be required to comprehensively demonstrate the possible advantages of Na-ion batteries under this perspective.
We developed a 3-electrode cell, which enabled identification of the NaSICON-catholyte interface as the source of increased battery impedance.
The lower R ct value indicates faster transport of sodium ions in negative electrodes, which is responsible for the improved rate performance.
Further deep understanding of the sodium storage mechanism can help to realize the advantages of hollow micro-/nanostructures comprehensively.
The 1T phase features more active sites and expanded interlayer spacing, enabling more efficient sodium ion intercalation and deintercalation.
This can be envisioned as a low resistance ionic chaperone phase, which facilitates the Na' ion transfer between the NaSICON and the Na metal.
To be specific, the hard carbon charging plateau is a sloping type, which leads to the local potentials being neutralized to a balanced state.
The rectangular shape indicates the existence of two reaction mechanisms in sodium-ion capacitors, namely, Faraday and non-Faraday reactions .
The larger Na/C atomic ratio for hard carbon cycled in ester electrolytes also indicates that large amounts of Na + are irreversibly consumed.
As the cathode materials of SIBs, most of them adopt the intercalation mechanism based on the reversible insertion/ extraction of sodium ions.
The refined HEXRD results of P2/P3-NaMNO unveil a two-phase structure, consisting of P2 and P3 phases in an approximately 1:1 ratio (Fig. 3d).
Recently, Li et al. 205 examined the effects of P, B, and S heteroatoms on the turbostratic nanodomains of a hard carbon derived from sucrose.
By combining electrochemical analyses with operando characterization techniques, we propose a refined model of sodium storage in hard carbons.
Furthermore, inuence of pre-and post-treatment steps of obtained hard carbons on the energy storage capability of SIBs has been demonstrated.
Supercritical fluids are difficult to generate at mild temperatures and are often expensive and energy-intensive when used for ASIB recycling.
While all spheres developed microporosity typical for hard carbons, only Tre-HCMS, both small and large, showed macropores of comparable size.
In all cases, due to the irreversibility of sodium ionization, discharge capacity decreased rapidly after the first cycle and then stabilized.
Hard carbon is considered the most commercially viable anode material for sodium ion batteries due to its excellent sodium storage properties.
Nevertheless, just like polymer precursors, biomass-derived hard carbon suffers from low carbon yield which leads to high cost of preparation.
The ability of hard carbon to accommodate a large quantity of Na-ions electrochemically was first demonstrated by Stevens and Dahn in 2000 9 .
Its theoretical capacity is as high as 2596 mAh• g -1 , which is 12 times that of the most widely used hard carbon anode materials at present.
In half-cell Na-ion storage, the NVP-F 0.15 electrode exhibited higher capacity, good cycle life and high rate capability than rest materials.
This study is of utmost importance since biomass-derived hard carbons are versatile, cost-effective, environmentally friendly and sustainable.
Sodium-ion batteries are considered a sustainable alternative to lithium-ion batteries, but they currently fall short in terms of performance.
Therefore, SnS 2 exhibits considerable theoretical specific capacity, but its unique sodium storage process also brings huge volume expansion.
In the depotassiation process, the P s electric field from the t-BTO particle can drive the potassium ion out of the hard carbon layer faster.
The relationship between Z 0 and u -1/2 was depicted (Fig. 6(b)), and the diffusion coefficient of sodium ions was calculated using its slope.
A schematic diagram of the sodium metal cell is shown in Fig. 1a, along with 23 Na NMR spectra, 2D images and 1D profiles for a pristine cell.
Currently, there is no large-scale industrial production of sodium-ion batteries, and there are no generally accepted electrochemical systems.
For comparison, pure Fe Prussian blue (Fe-PB) was synthesized according to the literature, 42 and annealed with the same phosphidation method.
In contrast, the FC sample was refined using a P3-type structural model of P3-Na x Ni 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 adopting R3m space group symmetry.
In particular, peanut shells and corncobs, respectively, containing lignin and hemicellulose, were successfully transformed into hard carbons.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) stand out as a promising alternative to LIBs due to the higher abundance and possible economic benefits of sodium.
Elementary analyses have been performed for the five hard carbon samples of this study and are reported in Supplementary Materials (Table S1).
NASICON-structured Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 (NZSP), possesses a structure consisting of corner-sharing ZrO 6 octahedra and PO 4 /SiO 4 tetrahedra.
These results conrmed that during high-rate charge/discharge processes, the HC-3 wt% P anode exhibited superior fast sodium storage kinetics.
Then the NASICON solid electrolyte pores are filled with an epoxy polymer to increase the strength of the epoxy-NASICON composite electrolyte.
Half-cell was assembled using an as-prepared electrode disc and sodium metal as the counter separated by two Whatman glass microfibers (GF/F).
These enthralling findings indicate that the SnC/G-H could serve as an efficient host material for rechargeable LIBs and sodium-ion batteries.
Moreover, these materials exhibit low inherent electronic conductivity which also affects their electrochemical performance of Na-ion storage.
Supplementary Fig. 13 shows the Nyquist plots of the CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 at different potentials of the first charge and discharge process.
Hence, these unique advantages and significance inspire researchers to develop high-performance hard carbon materials derived from waste wood.
In this study, Sn-doped SiO x has been used to fabricate the anode of a sodium-ion battery, and its charge-discharge properties are evaluated.
Free movement of sodium ions by shuttling them between the cathode and anode and removing them is also needed for energy storage and release .
Hard carbons originated from PVP are successfully prepared by environmentally friendly electrospinning combined with subsequent carbonization.
Battery-type electrodes are capacity and pseudocapacity materials such as manganese oxides, vanadium oxides, analogues of Prussian blue, etc .
A recent endeavor to improve SIB anode performance of Sb 2 O 3 has been proposed with exfoliated graphene Sb 2 O 3 in different compositions .
Since CityU-26 is insufficiently conductive as SIB anodes, dynamic transmission performance would deteriorate when large currents are applied.
For all SIB cell chemistries, the cathode composite is the cell component that causes the most GHG emissions (19.1-51.4 kg CO 2 -eq. kWh À1 ).
Here, the promising electrochemical storage of sodium ions can be ascribed to the hierarchical structure of the MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid (Fig. 6g).
We optimized the structure of the manganesebased P2-type NaxMeO2 cathode by partially replacing Ni 2+ and Fe 3+ in the transition metal layer.
The I D /I G scale is about 1.07, indicating a good degree of graphitization, which is conducive to the transfer of electrons and sodium ions.
A promising class of materials are the Prussian blue analogues (PBA) with the chemical formula Na2-xMa[Mb(CN)6]•zH2O (Ma,b = Fe, Mn, Ni etc.).
The NaSICON film annealed at 600 °C exhibits the lowest activation energy value of 0.48 eV (and the highest conductivity at room temperature).
After the second cycle, all the voltage-capacity profiles are analogous, suggesting an excellent reversibility during repeated Na-ion cycling.
Due to the synergistic action of two carbonaceous materials, the prepared CNT/MoS 2 /NC composite showed excellent sodium storage performance.
The powder XRD pattern was refined by the Le Bail method and shows a pure P2-type structure with …AABBAA… staking sequence (Supplementary Fig.
The findings obtained from this research create opportunities for other researchers to explore this material as an anode for Na-ion batteries.
Corncob, starch derived hard carbon materials produces peaks at 1348 and 1340 cm -1 (D band) and at 1582 and 1564 cm -1 (G band) respectively.
Two-electrode Swagelok cells were assembled using lithium or sodium metal foil (Aldrich, 99.9%) as the counter and pseudo reference electrode.
Na-ion isosurfaces for Na3ErCl6 and Na3GdCl6 exhibited localized displacements, confirming the lower Na-ion mobility in Na3ErCl6 and Na3GdCl6.
Compared to lithium-ion hybrid capacitors, sodium-ion hybrid capacitors (SICs) offer a cost advantage due to the abundant reserves of sodium .
The cut-off voltages for constant current charge/discharge were respectively 2 V/ 0.02 V for lithium and 2 V/0.005 V for sodium-ion batteries.
The energy barriers of Na-ion migration in monoclinic P21/n and trigonal R3 ̅ phases were considerably higher than those in trigonal P 3 ̅ 1c.
Phosphate compound cathode materials mainly include olivine type, sodium super ionic conductor (NASICON), pyrophosphate, mixed phosphates, etc.
The hard carbon (HC) samples were denoted as Scheme 1 The main products of PAN, PVC and PVP in pyrolysis process. a DMF is used as the solvent.
Therefore, we believe this work can inspire the development of other alternative electrode materials for high-performance sodium ion batteries.
SIBs are electrochemical energy storage devices that operate by utilizing sodium ions as charge carriers, akin to the mechanisms found in LIBs.
For example, corncobs were used 86 to synthesise (2D) hard carbon nanosheets via carbonisation at 700 °C under an argon atmosphere, Figure 7.j.
S2 †) and the change in the chemical composition of the sodium metal|NASICON interface by the formation of oxide species (Fig. 4 and Fig S3 †).
Therefore, surface and pore engineering of carbons via coatings seems to be an interesting way to improve the capacity and ICE of hard carbons.
Fluorine deficiency disrupts the corner-sharing connectivity of [PO 4 ] tetrahedra in the NASICON framework, destabilizing the 3D ion channels.
However, a complex multi-phase mixture forms on discharge so the Ca-ion charge storage mechanism in the NaSICON framework is poorly understood.
TEM images reveal structures typical of hard carbons composed of mostly disordered domains with some regions of graphitic stacking (Fig. 2a-e).
Nevertheless, due to its inherent low conductivity and inevitable instability, molybdenum disulfide cannot be used as SIB anode material alone.
It should be noted that the direct-contact pre-sodiation method is commonly used to compensate for initial sodium loss in sodium-ion batteries.
Overall, the MS-T phase of MoS 2 offers several benets that make it a more favorable option for sodium-ion batteries compared to the 2H phase.
The cell was operated with a sodium metal counter electrode, but is corrected for the potential difference between Na 15 Sn 4 and sodium metal.
Phosphate-based NASICON materials are an excellent candidate for both electrode and solid electrolyte materials in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
In addition, the sodium-ion storage and transport behaviors were analyzed through the electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) measurement.
Currently, the modifications of O3-type cathode materials mainly include ion doping, surface modification and composite structure construction.
EC has a dielectric constant of 89.78, whereas for DEC it's 2.81 (ref. 46) and therefore the migration of sodium ions might have been enhanced.
Na0.6MnO2, measured between 2.0 and 4.0 V at a scan rate of 0.1 mV/s using metallic Na as the counter electrode and NaClO4 as the electrolyte .
Choi et al. obtained hard carbon fibers with a high plateau capacity by heating waste silk fabrics even at an ultrahigh temperature of 2000 °C.
It can also be seen from the SEM cross-sectional image (Supporting Figure S4) that sufficient bonding was achieved between the NASICON powders.
Therefore, the energy difference between rhombohedral and monoclinic NASICONs is expected to be low as it relates to the Na disordering energy.
In fast ion conductors such as those in the NASICON family, all of the charge carriers (mobile alkali ions) are already "formed", and ΔG f = 0.
During the discharge process, the BT molecule is occupied by two sodium ions, and the charging process is the reverse reaction of this process.
Recently, many researchers focus on Na-ion batteries as an alternative to Li-ion batteries, owing to their low cost and high natural abundance.
The working electrode was a composite electrode composed of a mortar mixture of hard carbon (HC, Kuraray) and NaCBH at a weight ratio of 4 : 6.
In addition to Na-ions, Li-and K-ions storage capabilities were also tested for (Ni)MnO2 using 0.1M Li2SO4 and K2SO4 electrolytes (Figure S15).
In literature, the most investigated P2-type materials are Na 2/ 3 CoO 2 , Na 2/3 MnO 2 and Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 (Tapia-Ruiz et al., 2021).
Table S3 presents the electrochemical performance of previous published O3-type layered cathode materials, which enables us to make a contrast.
Recently commercialized sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are gaining significant interest as an alternative energy storage to lithium-ion batteries.
Removal of the Na drop further demonstrates the poor wetting of the Na on bare NaSICON, shown in Fig. 3b, as most of the Na was easily removed.
The edge positions of discharged and cycled electrodes shift to slightly lower energies suggesting minor reduction of Ti upon sodium insertion.
Meanwhile, compared with the pristine NVP electrode, NVP/G8 electrode exhibited small resistance and high diffusion coefficient of sodium ions.
The shape of the profile in the 1 st to 22 nd intervals (Figure 1a) could provide insight to the processes occurring in the NaSICON-23h sample.
In the low-potential region (<0.05 V), where sodium ions begin to ll closed pores, NPNHC-T1200 exhibits a more pronounced increase in D Na + .
The detailed analysis indicates that large intercalating ions like Cs can hamper sodium-ion diffusion although the interlayer spacing is large.
S8, a cathodic peak at ~ 0.1 V and an anodic peak at 0.2 V can be ascribed to the sodium-ion intercalation and de-intercalation, respectively .
Therefore, the sodium-ion battery is a promising alternative to LIBs, and has attracted extensive attention in recent years (Liu et al., 2021).
Preparation of the Nasicon SE based Na-air batteries Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 (Nasicon) solid electrolyte was synthesized by a solidstate reaction.
Recently, abundant resources, low-cost sodium-ion batteries are deemed to the new-generation battery in the field of largescale energy storage.
The compound has shown reasonable achievable capacities for the Li-and Na-ion batteries with average voltages of 4.0 V and 3.7 V, respectively.
S17 †), for example Mo 2 TiC 2 -Si-400 has a b-value of 0.73 at 0.01 V in the Na-ion system, but 0.56 in the Li-ion system at the same voltage.
However, it is a pity that ionic liquid is easy to react with sodium metal, and the application of MOF in sodium ion SSEs is still very scarce.
For full cells, all procedures were identical to those for half-cell assembly with the exception of using a hard carbon electrode as the anode.
The proposed model will advance our understanding of the Na + storage mechanism in hard carbon anodes and facilitate its practical application.
Low diffusion energy barriers for sodium ions enable fast diffusion of 3D type, and consequently, fast intercalation/deintercalation reactions.
Hard carbons are promising candidates for high-capacity anode materials in alkali metal-ion batteries, such as lithium-and sodiumion batteries.
The rate capability of CH-800-1500 significantly outperforms those of previously reported hard carbon anodes, as demonstrated in Fig. 3(d) [7,.
Both statuses can provide better mobility for Li + ions to pass through the channels in the NASICON structure and increase ionic conductivity .
Current efforts to improve sodium-ion batteries are heavily focused on developing high performance carbon materials for the negative electrode.
S17 †). 63 The slope of the log(i, peak anodic current) vs. log(n, scan rate) plot provides a kinetic analysis of the sodium storage mechanism.
In this study we presented electrochemically deposited NaIn[Fe(CN) 6 ] thin films as a promising cathode material for aqueous Na-ion batteries.
The spectra of the HCMS exhibit no signicant features due to the absence of functional groups in of the oxygen decient hard carbon structure.
The interplay of plateau capacity (PRC) and slope capacity (SRC) for Na + /K + storage is critical in designing the hard carbon anode batteries.
The effects of the hollow mesoporous structure toward improving the sodium storage performance of the compound were investigated byEIS analysis.
The Table 1 shows the carbon dioxide equivalents of most sodium ion and lithium-ion batteries on the market based on different energy densities.
The overall goal is to determine a relationship between the geometry of the nanopores and the energetics of sodium insertion into the nanopores.
On the other hand, the fewlayered MoS 2 can offer more active sites for sodium ion storage as well as facilitate fast Na + insertion/extraction.
Currently, the main anodes being developed for Na-ion batteries are based on metallic Na, carbonaceous materials, conversion phases, and alloys.
The rate capacities can be used to demonstrate the sodium ion storage capabilities of the MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid at low and high current densities.
In contrast, Na is widely distributed around the world and is inexpensive, making sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) a promising alternative for LIBs .
On the other hand, this also means that when sodium ions intercalate, Fe-C and Fe-N bonds in HSPB are violently stretched in all six directions.
The FEC-containing electrolyte adversely impacts the sodium storage performance of HMF-HC, leading to the formation of a dense and NaF-rich SEI.
Interestingly, after charging up to 2.5 V, the peaks fully reappeared suggesting complete reversibility of Na-ion insertion within the material.
In addition, the peak position and intensity overlap in the subsequent cycles, indicating high reversibility of sodium insertion and extraction.
The initial reduction in the Li-EC cluster formed the inner Li 2 CO 3 layer on hard carbon and was subsequently observed in the 3D ToF-SIMS map.
The OCV is shown in Fig. 6a as a function of the capacity for the ve different hard carbons in the study, prepared with T synth = 1000-1900 °C.
The remarkable architectures of these materials place them among the best reported so far for use as electrodes in aqueous sodium-ion batteries.
Two peaks are observed, both due to the V IV /V V redox couple and related to two types of sodium ions and two sodiation/desodiation mechanisms.
Figure 3E) and sodium storage performance (250 mAh g -1 at the first discharge, and the capacity was maintained at 150 mAh g -1 after 50 cycles.
In contrast, the layered structure is well preserved with Li salt addition from the mitigated interfacial failure of O3-type positive electrode.
Intercalation reaction: Sodium ions intercalate between layers of the negative material, like the working principle of lithium-ion batteries. 2.
It is ~1.5 times energy of the full-cell with the same cathode and hard carbon anode (84 Wh•kg -1 ) in the same voltage range (Table S1 and Fig.
The U values for TM-d ions of MnO2, CoO2, and NiO2 are 21, 16, and 12 % smaller than those of Li/NaMnO2, Li/NaCoO2, and Li/NaNiO2, respectively.
This work can be reasonably extended to many other P2-type cathodes and will also have relevance to additional layered oxide cathode types (e.g.
The progress of the reactions was monitored by PXRD measurements, and the NASICON phase was observed only for the 0 ˂ x ≤ 1.4 composition range.
NVP (type-NASICON) has undergone structural modification by doping or replacement to enhance the electrochemical performance and energy density.
Sodium metal (Sigma-Aldrich, 99.9% purity) was used as both reference and counter electrodes, which was equivalent to a half-cell configuration.
Sodium-ion battery safety can be improved by using non-flammable electrolytes, but they are traditionally incompatible with carbon-based anodes.
Furthermore, we have compared the Coulomb parameters for four pairs of polymorphs; O'3/O3-LiNiO2, O3/P2-NaCoO2, O'3/P'2-NaMnO2, and O1/O'3-NiO2.
Moreover, the MoS 2 /NSGs-G composite revealed a dominant pseudocapacitive contribution and faster sodium ion interface kinetics characteristic.
Ethylene propylene diene monomer rubber (EPDM) o-rings were fitted on each glass tube and the NaSICON pellet was placed between the two o-rings.
For layer-structured compounds, the P2-type usually stabilizes into Na-deficient compositions such as Na 2/3 MO 2 (M: Ni, Co, Mn, Fe and so on).
A sodium-ion full cell was constructed using P2-Na 0.6 [Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 ]O 2 as both the negative and positive electrodes in a 2032 cointype cell.
Consequently, other types of carbon materials have been evaluated for SIBs, such as porous carbon, graphene, doped carbon, and hard carbon (HC).
Therefore, identification and optimization of the anode, cathode, and electrolyte are essential for achieving high-performance Na-ion batteries.
Thermal sodiation of the hydroxide at 700 °C results in the formation of an O3-type layer structure belonging to the R-3m space group (Fig. 2d).
Though not representative of the actual hard carbon structure, the data suggest a trend that can be extrapolated to the experimental conditions.
At present, the positive components of Na-ion batteries mainly include layered transition metal oxides, polyanion compounds, and Prussian blue .
The XRD pattern of Na 0.64 Ni 0.32 Mn 0.68 O 2 displays Bragg diffraction peaks of a typical P2-type structure (P6 3 /mmc space group, Fig. 1b).
The optimized hard carbon material (CH-800-1500) exhibits a closed pore volume of 0.135 cm 3 •g -1 with an average closed pore size of 1.413 nm.
As shown in Fig. 2h, the t-BTO@C electrode also exhibits higher capacity than many other reported hard carbon anodes at large current densities.
Therefore, sodium-ion batteries have good low-temperature application prospects and are expected to replace lithium-ion batteries in the future.
Moreover, the Prussian blue material from a large-scale synthesis process shows stable cycling performance in a pouch full cell over 1000 times.
The electrochemical measurements of Na 2 Ti 4 O 9 showed the reversible sodium insertion and extraction reactions at 1.1 V, 1.5 V, and 1.8 V vs.
Also, recent advances in improvements of anode and cathode materials which may lead to the second generation of Na-ion batteries are summarized.
Figure 5 shows charge/discharge profiles at the first cycle of as-prepared hard carbons that were preheated at 500 °C and 0.7 MPa for 1-10 days.
For anodes, alternatives to hard carbon, such as modified graphite or nanostructured alloys, could stabilize the SEI and reduce thermal effects.
S13, ESI †), as sodium ions interact with defect sites by partially saturating or modifying the electronic states associated with these defects.
The sloping (or staircase) behavior of those phases is attributed to a multitude of intermediate phases with different types of Na-ion ordering.
Hard carbons are disordered carbonaceous materials where long-range graphitic-type layer ordering is missing even at temperatures above 2000 1C.
In fact, the amount of COx was shown to be decreased by 13% and 50% for asparagus and potato HCs, respectively, by washing the hard carbon 137 .
In summary, we have successfully synthesized a new O3-type layered rock salt structure of Na(Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 Co 1/3 )O 2 for sodium ion batteries.
Sodium Ion Battery (SIB) is one of the emerging energy storage technologies with high promise to be manufactured at lower cost in the future 9 .
Scanning electron microscopy was performed on a Hitachi S4800 (Hitachi Japan) instrument to analyze the morphology of cycled hard carbon anodes.
Then, the macroscopic morphology of the conversion reaction alters, and certain nanospheres emerge when sodium ions are inserted (Fig. 8d ande).
DFT calculations disclosed high chemical tolerance to moisture as adsorption energy to H2O was lower than that of the pure Na0.67Ni0.33Mn0.67O2.
Na 2 Fe 2 OS 2 is the n ¼ 1 member of the anti-Ruddlesden-Popper [SNa][SO(Fe 2 Na)] n homologous series, with divalent iron and two sodium ions.
On account of these factors, numerous efforts have been devoted to developing stable electrodes in order to achieve good sodium storage ability.
An open question, addressed in the present work, is the inuence of the hard carbon structure on the energetics and entropy of sodium insertion.
Moreover, hard carbon possesses some degree of conductivity and generates eddy currents, which may result in the peak shift towards the upfield.
These results demonstrate that the modified sol-gel method could be used to obtain sodium manganese oxide as sodium ion battery cathode material.
Overall, the precursor type, along with the synthesis conditions, strongly impact the hard carbon properties and the electrochemical performance.
To this end, two emerging groups of Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) and sodium superionic conductor (NASICON)-type materials are recently developed.
The main steps of the study are depicted in Fig. 1, namely powder preparation, film production, and characterization of functional NaSICON films.
Liu's group adopted Zr 4+ doping to adjust the redox reaction of anion and crystal structure stability of O3-type layered oxide cathode in 2021 .
This behavior is attributed to the poor reaction kinetics caused by homogeneous Ca 2+ doping in the Na layer, which hinders Na-ion diffusion 32 .
Alongside ndings that there exists a superstructure, the cooperative Jahn Teller effect was found to be linked with sodium ion/vacancy ordering.
is considered as a promising anode material for sodium ion batteries (SIBs) due to its excellent highrate performance compared with hard carbons.
The phosphide layer of bamboo powder-based hard carbon is formed through the sublimation deposition of red phosphorus, as illustrated in Fig. 1a.
Overall, this work provides a low-cost way for large-scale preparation of high-performance carbon based anode materials for sodium ion batteries.
For the negative electrode side, the average sodium storage voltage is ca. 0.8 V, which is similar to P2-Na 0.66 [Li 0.22 Ti 0.78 ]O 2 (ref. 22).
As shown in Fig. 5d, the D Na+ of S-NMO at the voltage range of 2.0-3.5 V remains stable with the geomean D Na+ value of 5.1 × 10 -11 cm 2 s -1 .
Despite the promising thermal stability of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) compared to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), several safety concerns persist.
In this work, we used the P2-NNMO particles as a model system in studying the capacity-fading mechanism of P2-type sodium layered oxide cathodes.
The two bonds of Na-O exhibits excellent stability and effective way to scale down dissolution problem in the half cells of sodium ion batteries.
By contrast, the binary phases MoO 2 /NC exhibit extremely low capacity at high current rates due to the low Na-ion storage capability of MoO 2 .
It is effortlessly combined with abundantly available transition metal oxides and forms separate cathode materials such as NaCoO 2 and NaFePO 4 .
Strong repulsive force could restrict the migration of anions, which leads to the increase in t Na+ (the mechanism diagram was shown in Fig. 4f).
Carbon-based materials, commonly used as commercial anodes in lithium/sodium ion batteries, nevertheless suffer from sluggish kinetic properties.
Studies indicate that SIB cathodes, particularly layered oxide materials, exhibit lower thermal stability than their lithium-based counterparts..
Therefore, the fabrication of Sodium-ion batteries using a few more transition elements such as Mn and Al are suggested for any further research.
Researchers are working to overcome the current limitations of Na-ion technology, including improving energy density, cycle life, and efficiency.
Meanwhile, the mechanism is unilateral and not reversible so, only one atom of Na+ ion can return during discharging towards the NaMnO2 molecule.
With the merits of high capacity and low cost, metal sulfides have been recognized as promising anode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) .
Hence, compared with the lithium-ion battery, for the sake of the low cost of Na element, the sodium-ion battery is substantially less expensive.
To depict the structure of the five hard carbon samples, complementary techniques were used: X-Ray diffraction (XRD), Raman spectroscopy and TEM.
According to the coordination configuration of Na + and the stacking mode of oxygen, Na x MnO 2 exists mainly in O3-type and P2-type structures .
PhCF 3 diluted concentrated electrolyte enables superior operations of Na-ion batteries at both room temperature and a high temperature of 60 °C.
The deposition process of NaSICON powders on stainless steel and alumina (with IDE structure) substrates resulted in dense and homogeneous films.
Anode materials in SIBs present distinct thermal stability challenges, with hard carbon, graphite, and sodium metal each revealing specific gaps.
Note, that other stacking faults can account for a similar anisotropic broadening, but would result in octahedral environment of the sodium ions.
In addition to the ICE issues, there are also many conflicts between existing Na + storage models and experimental results in hard carbon anodes.
The celllevel energy density of the new ASIB based on a virtual cell configuration with realistic parameters was computed, Supplementary Table 3.
A broad range of compounds, including layered oxides , polyanion compounds , Prussian blue analogues , have been studied as potential candidates.
In all-solid-state batteries, interfacial resistance between hard carbon and electrolyte is low because there is no solvationdesolvation process.
To accelerate the commercialization of sodium ion batteries, various types of materials are being developed to meet the increasing energy demand.
Layered graphene and molybdenum disulfide have outstanding sodium ion storage properties that make them suitable for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
The smooth charge-discharge curves could be a big advantage for the commercialization of this material for room temperature sodium-ion batteries.
To assess the reusability of Prussian blue analogue-functionalized magnetic microgels, cesium adsorption and desorption were repeated five times.
In addition, carbon coated NaFeO 2 //hard carbon full cell also presented good cyclic performance with 81.9% capacity retention after 100 cycles.
However, there is another structural feature of the carbon material whose effect on Na-ion storage we can also evaluate: the presence of defects.
The electrochemical performance of V 1.87 FeS 4 is comprehensively analyzed after identifying that it exhibits optimal sodium storage properties.
Therefore, searching for a strategy to resolve these unfavorable factors is critical for realizing high performance solid-state Na-ion batteries.
The combination of these two components improves both the sodium ion conductivity of the SEI and the cycling stability of the electrode material.
The PDF for the pristine hard carbon, derived from the Fourier transform of the corrected, normalised total scattering data, is shown in Fig. 1a.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) represent a class of low-cost electrode materials with open frameworks capable of accommodating various ions 1,2 .
A piece of NaSICON, with or without Sn coating, was placed between two filled chambers and the cell was sealed with EPDM O-rings (McMaster-Carr).
As illustrated in Fig. 1a-c, we disentangled the impact of carrier and vacant-site contents on Na-ion diffusion through three designed scenarios.
They also suggested that the newly formed amorphous sodium titanate phase was able to reversibly insert/extract about 0.41 sodium ion per TiO 2 .
On the cathode side, preferential oxidation of NaDFOB enhances the CEI and ensures interfacial stability of the FeMn-based Prussian blue cathode.
From the perspective of water pollution, SIB cost less money and is easier to be treated, especially the complexity of pollutants in waste water.
The goal was to examine the effect of the adjustment and optimization of these synthesis steps on obtained peat derived hard carbons' properties.
Though, the NMVFP/C belongs to the NASICON family additional phase is evidenced, indicating the existence of pyrophosphates during the annealing.
Typically, these hard carbon samples derived from L-wood, which were prepared at different temperatures, were noted as L-1100, L-1300 and L-1500.
However, they found no change in intensity during the sloping region but still assigned this region to sodium intercalation into graphene layers.
S29 and S30; Table S4 †), which again shows that the double-defective Mn-O-F ultrane nanowires anodes exhibit a big advantage in Na-ion storage.
In both cases, the smaller solvent molecule was EC, which we thought might determine a critical ion-sieving pore size for both LIB and SIB tests.
Direct application of ceramic fast ionic systems, e.g. garnet or, NASICON type fast ionic conductors is rather restricted due to rough interface.
Therefore, it is crucial to develop a more facile and eco-friendly method to build macroporous carbon-MoS 2 composites with high SIB performance.
Therefore, using Cu as catalyst to make the N-doped graphitized hard carbon in this method remains to be modified for the removal of Cu catalyst.
Figure 13 and 14 present a general view of the evolution of specific surface areas of various hard carbons assessed by the gases mentioned above.
Various electrochemical characterizations are also applied to explore the better kinetics of sodium ions transfer in the Na2/3Fe1/3Mn0.57Ti0.1O2.
Presently, a minimal number of studies have been reported, which utilize ML algorithms for investigating the performance of sodium-ion batteries.
Hard carbons may be synthesized from various natural precursors, for instance, glucose, sucrose, lignin, cellulose, various organic polymers etc.
To realize practical requests, we further demonstrate the Na ion full cells based on NMVTP/C cathode and hard carbon (HC) anode in the coin cell.
With the help of SAXS, Wang et al. 192 revealed the influence of carbonization temperature on closed porosity in anthracite-prepared hard carbons.
Sodium-ion batteries (SiBs) are one of the most attractive alternatives to lithium-ion batteries because of the low cost and abundance of sodium .
In particular, complex 1D tube-in-tube, fiber-in-tube, and wire-in-tube nanostructures offer exciting opportunities in sodium-ion energy storage .
It can be seen that the polarization of DLM@LE increases significantly during the cycle, which indicates the poor compatibility with sodium metal.
Herein, P2-type Na 0.67 Mg 0.1 Mn 0.8 Fe 0.1 O 2 (NMMF-1) cathode material with moderate active Fe 3+ doping has been designed for sodium storage.
When reacting with Na-ions and electrons, sodiated Na2C14H8O4 cannot form a stable product (Scheme 1b), and thus it is electrochemically inactive.
Clearly, it was indicated that the full K cation substituting Na was not in favor for sodium storage performance, confirming the above assumption.
Several ceramic materials have been studied, including sulphide , Li 7 La 3 Zr 2 O 12 , Li 2/3-3x La 3x TiO 3 , and NASICON structured materials .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been receiving attention as an advanced energy storage system due to the low cost and large abundance of sodium .
Region 1 (below 0.15 V) is a discharge plateau that is believed to reflect the filling of pores (named Site I) by sodium metal (nanopore filling).
In addition, we also study the impact of the current density on the utilization of energetic sites in the microstructure of hard carbon materials.
Another challenge affecting the tting results and assignments is the possibility of the previously discussed impurity phase maricite (NaFePO 4 ).
Solid-state sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have gained global interest as an alternative energy storage device for grid-storage and low-end vehicles.
Zhao et al. 105 used the PAN polymer and fulvic acid to fabricate electrospun hard carbon nanofibers in a pyrolysis range between 800 and 1500 °C.
Hệ điện giải EC: DMC: PC (1: 1: 1) + 1 M NaOTf (E5) được chọn để đo tổng trở nhằm khảo sát sự hình thành lớp SEI trên bề mặt điện cực hard carbon.
In 1988, Ge et al. found that graphite would form NaC 64 compounds with sodium, and the specific capacity of sodium storage was only 35 mAh g -1 .
This is due to KOH and HCl treatment steps, during which the material might have become porous to an extent that is disruptive for sodium storage.
This relationship is based on earlier pair distribution analysis of hard carbons produced by hydrothermal synthesis 9 (full details in the ESI †).
The sodium ion diffusion coefficient D Na + of HC-1250 °C is in the order of 10 -8 cm 2 s -1 during the discharge processes, as shown in Fig. 10C.
This observation is conrmed by XRD analysis of hard carbon samples, which shows a decrease in the d-spacing with carbonization temperature rises.
The sodium ion transference number, t + Na , of the separator is measured to be 0.78, which is higher than that of bare cellulose (t + Na : 0.31).
The ionic trajectories of Na during the AIMD simulations were recorded using a grid with dimensions of 25 × 25 × 25 to visualize Na-ion migration.
Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 P 2 O 7 (NFPP), an Iron-based mixed polyanion phosphate, is regarded as a potential cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
The exploitation of low-cost Fe, which is active in NaMO 2 cathodes, is a major advantage of the Na-ion chemistry over analogous Li-ion compounds.
To evaluate the sodium insertion/extraction process on our MCF electrodes, we used CV in 3-electrode configuration at a scan-rate of 0.1 mV s ¹1 .
This includes a renewed interest in Na-ion batteries and other less traditional chemistries for batteries that shuttle K and multivalent cations .
When applying the above insights, the hard carbon anodes achieve a high average ICE of 98.21% in the absence of any Na supplementation techniques.
Electrochemical impedance spectra measured during the sodiation and desodiation of a hard carbon anode were investigated by means of DRT analysis.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been regarded as the most prospective substitutes for LIBs, due to rich sodium metal resources and the low cost .
Heterostructure nanomaterials have attracted attention as potential anodes for sodium-ion batteries (NIBs), owing to their outstanding properties.
This improved coulombic efficiency can be ascribed to better reversibility of sodium ions in rGO composite electrodes than the pristine electrode.
To assess the practical potential of HE-V, the HE-V cathode was coupled with a commercial hard carbon (HC) anode to assemble full cells (HC8HE-V).
The hard carbon-solid electrolyte composite was then mixed in a planetary ball mill (Pulverisettle 7 classic line, Fritsch) at 300 rpm for 30 min.
The in situ Raman characterization suggested Na-ion adsorption above 0.3 V (SRC) and adsorption intercalation of Na-ions between 0.3-0.02 V (SRC).
The surface morphology of the x = 1.3 sample is presented in Figure S3a, showing a granular NaMnO₂ phase with grain sizes between 500 nm and 2 µm.
Therefore, further experimental studies are required to enhance the ionic conductivity at RT for the NCAP glass to be useful for Na-ion batteries.
Unlike lithium ion, sodium ion cannot intercalate into graphite, the most commonly used anode for LIBs, due to the unfavorable thermodynamics 17 .
Polyanionic materials are characterized by structural diversity, structural stability, low sodium ion migration energy and stable voltage plateau.
Herein we present the synthesis of phosphorus-carbon nanocomposites and their systematic evaluation as lithium-ion and sodium-ion anode materials.
Although Na2MnO3 orNa[Na1/3Mn2/3]O2 has a structure similar to NaCoO2, there is the super-lattice ordering of Mn 4+ and Na + in transition layers.
Currently, the most common cathode materials for SIBs include layered oxides, polyanionic compounds, Prussian blue analogs, and organic compounds.
The model has been rigorously trained and meticulously validated to ensure its accuracy, reliably forecasting the properties of NASICON compounds.
Hu's and co-workers employed high-entropy configuration strategy to design O3-type NaNi 0.25 Mg 0.05 Cu 0.1 Fe 0.2 Mn 0.2 Ti 0.1 Sn 0.1 O 2 oxide.
The open mesopores facilitate the infiltration of electrolyte and significantly shorten the diffusion distance of sodium ions in the solid phase .
The PC sample exhibited a biphasic character, comprising both O3and P3-type phases with refined weight fractions of 21.1% and 78.9%, respectively.
The diffusion energy along the path 1 is shown in Figure 8a, and the energy maxima occur when the sodium ions jump across the alkaline metal ions.
Today, research on sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) is growing every year, and their operating principle (Fig. 1a) is similar to lithium-ion batteries.
We report a Na-ion battery full-cell system based on a novel MnHCMn(II/I) anode, CuHCF cathode, and an organic-aqueous cosolvent Na + electrolyte.
In the discharge process, better rate capability was obtained using electrolytes with higher sodium-ion concentrations at discharge rates over 2C.
However, recently a number of improvements is realized, promising a rapid increase in the competitiveness of Na-ion batteries in all areas of use.
This is why more than a decade ago scientists searched for a sustainable alternative for Li-ion batteries, focusing primarily on Na-ion batteries.
After that point, some ionic conduction still occurred due to the low resistance of NaSICON at 110 °C, but the majority of current was electronic.
The very hard substrate and the adjustable interlayer spacing of GMC makes it an excellent candidate for anode hard carbon of sodium ion battery .
The main methods for synthesizing the Prussian blue analogues include co-precipitation, electrodeposition, ball milling and hydrothermal methods .
This structural study during the discharge process points to the existence of a two-phase mechanism involved during sodium insertion in '-polyol.
See Sodium-ion batteries have once again become a hot topic after a distinct slowdown in research after the breakthrough of lithium-ion batteries.
Hard carbon materials mostly show common features in the 1000-1800 cm -1 range, including a defect-induced D-band and graphite crystalline G band.
A GITT measurement is represented in Fig. 2b for P2-Na X Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 using a two-electrode coin cell with sodium metal as counter electrode.
The performance of the nanoarchitected thin films as anodes for aqueous sodium-ion batteries was analyzed based on the CV profiles of each sample.
The NASICON structure framework produces a stable sodium site, and the open three-dimensional ion migration channel promotes sodium ion diffusion.
Electrochemical evaluations demonstrate excellent sodium storage performance by maintaining the plateau capacity even at higher current densities.
The NASICON type of solid electrolyte, which uses sodium ions instead of lithium ions as charge carriers, is the type that is frequently utilized.
Na/Na + , an additional signal starts to increase from the baseline at 1176 ppm, corresponding to Na plating on the hard carbon electrode surface.
The ionic conductivity of NASICON-based electrolytes, as typical inorganic solid electrolytes, follows an Arrhenius relationship with temperature.
When we substitute the Fe-sites in PB with other transition metals, we can get a series of compounds, which called Prussian blue analogues (PBAs).
To investigate the mechanism of sodium storage in NGC, in situ Raman spectroscopy was performed using three wavelengths 532 nm, 633 nm and 780 nm.
However, after the surface modification, the total resistance for sodium insertion/extraction became lower than that of lithium: 9 ³ at 0.03 V vs.
Castro et al. demonstrated energy, power, and cost optimization of NVPF-based SIB pack using a combined physics-based and cost modeling approach .
The letter A appended to the ending of hard carbon notation indicates that between two pyrolysis stages, the material was treated with KOH and HCl.
Thereaer, the insertion of sodium ions into micropores that exist in the interlayer of local graphitic domains takes place (at 0 V < E < 0.2 V vs.
Algae are selected as bio-source of non-graphitic Hard Carbon (HC) with open structure acting as intercalation active material for Na ions storage.
For GWP ad AP, extremely high efficiencies of min. 97% would be required for the SIB in order to equal the LiNMC in terms of environmental impacts.
Apart from the hard carbon active material, the aluminium collector foil also shows relevant contributions (almost 6% of the total) from the anode.
Current SIB cells show notably lower energy content compared to the LFP benchmark, particularly in terms of volumetric energy density (D = 17-49%).
We experimentally observe that SnO 2 /NG exhibits enhanced electrochemical performance for sodium-ion storage compared to the SnO 2 /G counterpart.
Porous structure with heteroatom doping improves the interface interaction and provides efficient diffusion channels for sodium ions and electrons.
However, the O-type framework is unfavourable for fast sodium ion diffusion and so O3-type materials also typically display poor rate capabilities.
In addition, when NaCBH and hard carbon were combined, charged, and discharged, a capacity comparable to that of organic electrolytes was obtained.
Among Na-ion cathode materials, Na x MnO 2 is particularly important because of its stability, abundance of raw components, and ease of production.
Although Natron Energy has an energy density of 50 Wh/L, its Prussian blue aqueous electrolyte system allows for a cycle life of over 10,000 times.
As a promising replacement for lithium, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged due to the low-cost and abundance of sodium in the earth's crust .
For sodium-ion batteries, sodium is much more available than lithium, with the fourth highest metal content in the Earth's crust, at 2.36 percent .
Diverse perspectives exist among researchers regarding the mechanism of sodium storage and the associated area within a given volume-voltage curve.
The charge-discharge studies were performed in the voltage range 0 V-1.5 V with the TiO 2 /2MNa 2 SO 4 /NaCoPO 4 cell system, as shown in Figure 8.
For hard carbons, the characteristic charge-discharge profiles typically exhibit a sloping region between 1.0 and 0.1 V, and a plateau below 0.1 V.
Energy (electricity and heat) demand for SIB manufacturing, assumed to be identical to LIBs, is a third important driver for environmental impacts.
This section will first present the morphology of SnNaSICONSn and compare its electrochemical behavior at 100 mA cm -2 to that of uncoated NaSICON.
The working electrode is made of copper (12.7 mm diameter), and the counter and pseudo-reference electrode is made of sodium metal (8 mm diameter).
The behavior of Li/Na-ion capacitors (LICs/NICs) is largely limited by the low number of electroactive sites in conventional insertion-type anodes.
Using first-principles computations, we have performed a comprehensive analysis of the phase behavior of PBA cathodes for aqueous Na-ion batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries operating at ambient temperature hold great promise for use in grid energy storage owing to their significant cost advantages.
Furthermore, the main driver of the sodium-ion market is the increasing demand for clean energy with increasing greenhouse gas emissions worldwide.
Therefore, many researchers have studied the doping of different metals in P2-type SIB cathode materials, such as Mg , Zr , Cu , CO , Ti , and Al .
The anode electrode made of hard carbon (HC), carbon C65, and PVDF-HFP at a weight ratio of 90:5:5 was prepared by the same process as the cathode.
In view of above literatures, most researches exhibit significantly improved battery rate or cycle performance with a high sodium storage capacity.
While traditional materials like activated carbons are well-studied, lignin-hard carbon offers potential benefits in cost and environmental impact.
However, here, most SIB CAM obtain lower scores than the LIB reference (LFP), with the only exceptions also being vanadium-containing alternatives.
NaCrO 2 undergoes multiple phase transitions during Na-ion intercalation, eventually leading to chemical instabilities and mechanical deformations.
The voltage platform appears near 1.65-2.21 V in the initial anodic process, which is mainly the process of sodium ion extraction from Na x MoS 2 .
Especially, the commonly used activated carbon for Na-ion batteries has limited capacity of only 30 mAh g -1 at 1C with a relatively high cost 12 .
However, larger ionic size of Na-ion (1.02Å) than Li-ion (0.76Å), is a major problem to explore efficient electrodes for high rate capability SIBs.
However, they contain a significant amount of lattice defects and crystalline water, resulting in the loss of active sites for sodium-ion storage .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) represent an alternative candidate for largescale energy storage to lithium-ion batteries owing to their low cost 1-3 .
For the electrolyte in the nanopore of hard carbons, the signal is entirely taken up by the coordinated solvent, leaving no room for free solvents.
Furthermore, the dominant mechanistic model of Na-ion (Na + ) storage does not stand up to scrutiny when applying the current SEI-related theories.
Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 was selected as the counterpart due to its stable voltage plateau and excellent structural stability when used as a SIB cathode.
This is related to the presence of very narrow pores, called ultramicropores (< 0.7 nm), in the hard carbon structure, which is undetectable by N2.
Recently, Prussian blue analogues and organic polymers have attracted great interest because of their high capacity and average operating voltage .
Alternatively, majority of researchers have taken notice of hard carbon because of its high specific capacity (740 mAh g -1 ) (Fey and Chen, 2001).
A SIB operates by transferring sodium ions between the positive and negative electrodes, allowing for the storage and release of electrical energy.
As an important source of hard carbon, biomass-based materials stand out because of their unique sustainable development and structural advantages.
Additionally, the mechanical characteristics, energy storage capabilities, and Li-ion and Na-ion transport processes require further investigation.
The purity of sodium metal negative electrode with a thickness of 0.45 ± 0.1 nm and a diameter of 15.6 mm is more than 99.7%, as supplied by Canrd.
Dense Nasicon SE was synthesized by a solid-state reaction and had ionic conductivity of ~0.2 mS cm -1 at room temperature (RT) (Supplementary Fig.
In this study, we incorporated mangrove-derived hard carbon as an anode material in SIBs, using the preheating step developed in our previous work.
The rate performances of hard carbon samples derived from preheated mangrove chars are shown in Fig. 6 at discharge rates from 30 to 1500 mA g -1 .
Nitrogen adsorption/desorption isotherms at 77 K are shown in Fig. 8 for mangrove char-derived hard carbons made with various preheating durations.
However, the pre-desolvation on the nanopore of hard carbons only partially removes the solvated shell rather than transforming it into bare Na + .
The reversible capacity of soft carbon depends on the reversible binding of sodium ions to local defects (the vacancy on the sp 2 graphite layer) .
The substrates for the positive electrodes (cathodes) of sodium-ion batteries were made of aluminum foil (Rusal, Russia) with a thickness of 20 μm.
Their working principle involves sodium ions and oxygen reacting at the air electrode, producing oxides to drive the battery, as shown in Figure 6.
SIB anodes can be categorized into three basic types based on the prevailing Na + storage mechanism: intercalation, alloying, and conversion-type .
The structural changes during the sodiation and de-sedation process of the SIB cell using these electrodes are schematically presented in Fig. 11a.
Among the various anode materials, transition metal sulfides (M x S y ) have drawn extensive attentions due to their high sodium storage capacity .
This is because that P2-type possesses a P-type framework structure with high stability and wide path, making it easier for Na + diffusion process.
To the best of our knowledge, this is the rst report to use such biomass to prepare hard carbon materials as anode materials for Li-ion batteries.
The existence of an active 1T-MoS 2 basal plane compared to 2H-MoS 2 is responsible for the noticeable field electron emission and SIB application.
Sodium metal was employed as both a counter electrode and a reference electrode, while glass bre (Whatman, GF/D) and Celgard served as separators.
At the onset of the early plateau, following the capacitive adsorption process, sodium ions accumulate at available sites across the carbon surface.
Also, the Fe-N-C sample is further applied to lithium ion/sodium ion batteries (SIBs) and demonstrates excellent lithium/sodium storage performance.
They proposed that this discrepancy between operando and ex situ NMR results could arise due to the extreme reactivity of sodiated hard carbon 287 .
Sodium metal anodes pose significant safety challenges due to their high reactivity and dendrite formation, which can lead to short circuits and TR.
To generalize our findings, we investigated a text-mined dataset containing the experimentally measured ionic conductivity of 475 reported NASICONs.
All peaks are unchanged, shift weakly with sodium insertion and extraction (Figure S8b), demonstrating the high structural stability during cycling.
On the other hand, if hard carbon is rich in micropores, the plateau capacity is due to micropore filling and few-layer intercalation (Figure 31.g).
Cycling was performed between 1 V and 3.7 V at 50 mA g -1 & 11.6 mA g -1 calculated from the active mass of Sn 4 P 3 and Prussian blue respectively.
NTP, NTP/C, and NTP/G anode materials for aqueous rechargeable Na-ion batteries were synthesized by modified Pechini method and pyrolysis treatment.
Further, this group 113 reported sucrose as a precursor for micro-spherical hard carbon by a hydrothermal reaction followed by pyrolysis at 1100 1C.
Second, P-doping and B-doping have significantly increased the structural defects inside hard carbon, where the sloping capacity should be enlarged.
The industrialization of sodium-ion batteries will be achieved in the coming years, which marks the beginning of an explosive growth period in SIBs.
The full-cell assembled by NaNi 0.5 Ti 0.5 O 2 / pre-sodiated hard carbon delivers a reversible capacity of 93 mAh g -1 and good cyclic performance.
As before, NMC for LiB and V-containing precursors for SiB are ranked last, with the corresponding high final qualitative hazard and toxicity risks.
This approach effectively minimized the formation of maricite NaFePO 4 and Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 impurities, as conrmed by Rietveld renement of XRD data.
Morikawa and co-workers 47 developed hard carbon microspheres having diameters of 2-10 mm delivered a high capacity of 348 mA h g À1 at 20 mA g À1 .
The successful synthesis of the MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC for a superior SIB anode material is evident from the excellent electrochemical behavior (Fig. 5).
At the initial stage of the discharge process, the D Na+ value increases gradually and reaches 2.2 × 10 -11 cm 2 s -1 at the sodium content of 0.24.
Similar characteristic peaks have been reported for other P2-and P3-type materials and typically arise from ordering in the transition metal layers.
After analyzing the data, we could see that manufacturing anode is the main driver to the GWP, especially producing the hard carbon active material.
NASICON (sodium superionic conductor) based ceramics are one of the most promising classes of solidstate electrolytes for all-solid-state batteries.
Also, hard carbons with higher pre-pyrolysis temperatures (T 1 > 500 C) have higher impurity content, which lowers their electrochemical capacities.
Hard carbons prepared are then characterized using multi-scale techniques, and their electrochemical behavior is evaluated by galvanostatic cycling.
We also summarized some technical parameters of hard carbon anodes in recent years, listing in Table 1 to help explain various modification methods.
Sodium ion batteries are regarded as a promising next-generation energy storage device to replace lithium ion batteries (LIB) due to their low cost.
Very recently, another MXene hybrid with N-C ribbons (bio-derived from Aspergillus niger) blended with Sb 2 S 3 has been presented as an SIB anode .
As complementary candidates to LIBs, sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) hold the promise for large-scale energy storage, such as national and smart grids .
Such highly selective material selection with flexible electrode design is highly desired for the commercialization of Sb 2 S 3 -derived SIB anodes.
In particular, the MoS 2 /NSGs-G electrode maintains relatively high sodium storage with a charge capacity of about 502.8 mA h g -1 aer 100 cycles.
Additionally, DHCE-PhCF 3 exhibits the best rate performance for both transition metal oxides and phosphate-based cathodes in Na-ion batteries (Fig.
The low electronic conductivity and high relative density of the NASICON are effective in suppressing the formation and growth of sodium dendrites .
Nevertheless, developing sodium-ion energy storage devices with both rapid charging capability and high-energy density poses significant challenges.
We believe that the high energy density of Na-ion batteries can be achieved with Na 3.12 Co 2.44 (P 2 O 7 ) 2 if stable electrolytes above 4.5 V vs.
As for the electrochemistry of sodium ion reactions at ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 @C, it was further revealed by ex situ XRD and ex situ TEM characterizations.
Pore size and pore volume should influence the sodium-ion storage performances (capacity and rate capabilities of the plateau and slope capacities).
Figure 5c compares the cycling performances of Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.23 Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 and NaMNO 2 at 1 C (120 mA g -1 ) for 500 cycles.
In a conventional Na-ion battery system using liquid electrolyte, there are critical safety issues due to the instability of the liquid electrolyte.
For example, LiCoO 2 typically exhibits an O3-type structurewhere Li-ions reside in an octahedral site and 3 MeO 2 layers are required for symmetry.
Furthermore, no signal in region II was observed for the raw anthracite sample, while both were visible in the heat-treated and hard carbon samples.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are emerging as promising alternatives to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) because of their low cost and abundant resources.
Alloying SIB anodes have been modified to entrap more (de)sodiation capacity using various strategies including presodiation, dealloying, and so on.
Because of its rich resources and cost advantages, sodium-ion battery has attracted increasing attention in the field of large-scale energy storage.
Despite significantly different template contents, the density values of PS-HCs as well as HC (Fig. 1(d)) are all typical for hard carbon materials.
Although many sodium-ion anodes have been reported, achieving high ICE and fast charging capability is challenging, especially at low temperatures .
Glass fiber (Whatman GF/C) was used as a separator, and a thin slice of sodium metal (99.5%, Sigma-Aldrich) as both counter and reference electrode.
The hydrothermal method demands overly complex experimental procedures and overly advanced instruments to prepare Prussian blue analogues materials.
Similar to the solid-state, contemporary sol-gel synthesized Na-ion LTMO particles typically exhibit irregular morphologies with poor tap densities.
This ensures that the NASICON framework is not damaged or affected by internal stress and structural deformation during charge and discharge cycles.
In this work, we have proposed to quantify the rate performances of sodium cathode materials in half-cells using the stretched exponential function.
In the same sample, Na-ions only move through the connected ceramics, which means that adding the epoxy polymers does not affect the ion conduction.
The electrochemical performance improvement of the as-obtained Prussian blue derivative is mainly due to the stable structure and hollow morphology.
Together these provided a picture of the doped hard carbons' mesoscale structure, chemical structure, and short-and intermediate-range atomic order.
Cathode materials in Na-ion batteries are able to reversibly insert Na ions within the crystal structure at a high redox potential, usually >2 V vs.
However, the phase space of potential dopants for Na-ion polyanionic cathode materials is vast and remains largely unexplored in existing databases.
Furthermore, the in-situ formed catholyte can substantially improve other critical electrochemical properties of the Nasicon SEbased Na-air battery.
In Fig. 6d, we compare the full-cell performance of our anode with hard carbon anodes reported recently in the literature under the same conditions.
Coal-derived hard carbon rich in closed pores (BHC-Zn-41) is prepared via a Zn 2 (OH) 2 CO 3 assisted ball milling method followed by carbonization.
Based on this study, it can be concluded that the Borophene/Graphene (B/G) heterostructure is suitable for use as an anode for Sodium ion batteries.
With the dual regulation of coordination environment and nucleation, the prepared M-HSPB was employed in practical sodium-ion cylindrical batteries.
Herein, phosphorus-functionalized hard carbon with a specific "honeycomb briquette" shaped morphology is synthesized via electrospinning technology.
Thus, the electrochemical energy storage community has been devoting increased attention to designing new cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
Commercial 18650 sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) with a nominal capacity of 1500 mAh and a quoted voltage of 3 V were purchased and obtained from HAKADI.
We focused on P2-type layered oxides, which are known to be especially favourable for high Na þ ion diffusion in trigonal prismatic interlayer space.
The sodium ions distribute themselves in large tunnels along the and [1 10] directions between the pseudo layers created by MO 4 F 2 and PO 4 units .
The P2 type structure on the other hand has an open path for sodium ions, where they diffuse through an open square surrounded by four oxide ions 3 .
Even at high current densities, sodium-ion full batteries still exhibit clearly visible electrochemical charging and discharging platforms (Fig. 3g).
This work performs first-principles simulations to investigate the VS 2 /Gr composite as a negative electrode material for Li/Na-ion storage devices.
For SIBs, O3-NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 |hard carbon (NFM111|HC), Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 (NVPF)|HC and Na 2 Mn[Fe(CN) 6 ] (Mn-PBA)|HC are considered.
This irreversibility, in combination with the most used anode, the sodium-free hard carbon, further amplifies the energy density problems of SIBs 4 .
Almost all of the inserted sodium-ions can be extracted from the interstitial site of TMO 6 octahedra, and the initial coulombic efficiency was $93%.
Moreover, the PEO coating on the surface of Na 3 PS 4 particles effectively hinders the side reaction between electrolyte and sodium metal electrode.
To further illustrate the concept of aqueous Na-ion batteries, we assembled a full battery with a PTCDA anode, a Prussian blue analogue cathode (Fig.
By ramping up the local LIB and SIB supply chains, dependency on other countries is reduced, but the energy demand is consequently shifted to Europe.
This work provides a novel strategy for boosting the structural stability of NASICON cathodes for energy-dense and long-lasting sodium-ion batteries.
However, more surprisingly, at early stages of sodium insertion additional peaks appear in the metallic region of the 23 Na NMR spectrum (>1000 ppm).
Sodium metal foil, glass bers and 1 M NaPF 6 in EC : DEC (v/v 1 : 1) were applied as the counter electrode, separator and electrolyte, respectively.
In contrast, sodium ion batteries (SIBs) represent potential alternatives for large-scale energy storage because of low cost and resource abundance .
Notably, LSPB exhibited an initially sodium-free cubic phase structure due to the absence of active sodium ions in the framework, as discussed above.
Figure 5F presents a Fe/Mg/Li co-substitution method to further refine the electrochemical performance of P2-type Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 materials.
The natural cellular structure of peat may be useful in order to obtain the hard carbon structure necessary to promote sodium ion (de) intercalation.
This is primarily owing to the incapability of the P2-type structure to accommodate stacking faults between adjacent MO 2 layers, unlike the O2-type.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are emerging as a promising alternative to conventional lithium-ion technology, due to the abundance of sodium resources.
The electrochemical behaviour with respect to sodium insertion was studied by cyclic voltammetry and galvanostatic cycling with potential limitation.
In PIBs, Chen et al. 124 developed the nitrogen-rich Microspherical hard carbon from a chitin source by a sol-gel method, as illustrated in Fig. 11a.
Further, Fig. 5c, d depict the c-axis evolution of the P2 and P3 phases in both P2/P3-NaMNO and P2/P3-NaMNO-PM samples, based on the in-situ results.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have gained extensive concerns owing to wide distribution, cost-effectiveness and natural abundance of sodium resources .
Lithium and sodium intercalation batteries both rely on the same basic principle for charge storage sometimes referred to as rocking chair mechanism.
Housing and BMS make up 20% of the total mass of the SIB pack, 11,13,35 giving a specific energy density of 102 W h kg À1 for the final battery pack.
Expanding the interlayer spacing of hard carbons is the most direct and effective method to expedite K + diffusion and maintain structural stability.
The capacity improvement at 0˚C of hybrid power system is mainly contributed to the charging plateau difference between the hard carbon and graphite.
Therefore, SIB has attracted much attention as one of the most promising energy storage and conversion devices for grid-level energy storage systems.
Such enhanced pseudocapacitive activity allows rapid chemical kinetics and significantly improves the high-rate sodium storage performance of TiO 2 .
From pair distribution function analysis, we observe that sodium ions are inserted in titanium vacancies at the early stage of the discharge process.
The homemade Na foils with a similar size to hard carbon anode were used and pressed on the Cu foil as the counter electrode and reference electrode.
To evaluate the practical utility of SnSb nanomaterials as anodes, Li-and Na-ion full-cells were assembled using standard cathode materials (Fig. 4).
Some heterogeneous elements are known to induce secondary phase formation instead of being incorporated into the bulk phase of the NASICON compounds.
This is a high voltage for a Na-ion battery, leading to a good calculated ceramic energy density of 325 Wh/Kg when the discharge curve is integrated.
Meanwhile, lower electronic conductivity induces severe voltage polarization during cycling, reducing accessible sodium ions and degrading capacity .
The intensity is proportional to the square of the difference between the scattering length density values of the hard carbon and the pores, DSLD 2 .
As a potential energy storage system, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) with rich sodium resources can meet most of the daily energy storage requirements .
This novel study opens possibilities to use this unique tt-NMO as an efficient SIB (sodium ion battery) cathode by harnessing the modified structure.
The MoS x -GO aerogel reported here serves as a promising platform to develop chalcocarbogels for applications spanning both Li-and Na-ion batteries.
Moreover, the OCV model will be integrated into full cell models, including kinetic properties, for sodium ion batteries with carbon material anodes.
The practical application of the sodium ion battery requires suitable electrode composition, large sodium storage capacity, and good cycle stability.
Trong một số nghiên cứu trước đây, dung lượng phóng sạc của hard carbon có thể đạt được cao hơn 300 mAh/g với độ bền chu kì > 90% sau 50 chu kì 6,7 .
S1 (ESI †) shows that the rate-dependent capacity reduction is characterised by W = 0.5 h À1 in the single channels of olivine-type NaFePO 4 , by ca.
Further studies using XPS and Raman spectra tests revealed that not only Ni 3+ , Fe 3+ undergo redox reactions during the charging process of Na0.55.
Polymer/NASICON/polymer cells were constructed using SUS as the blocking electrode because PEs are considered to have good adhesion at the interface.
The corresponding charge transfer activation energy is calculated to be 17.33 kJ mol -1 , 39.66 kJ mol -1 for Na0.55 and Na1, respectively (Fig. 2g).
Sodium-ion batteries offer improved sustainability over lithium-ion batteries, the benchmark electrolyte being 1 M NaPF 6 in carbonatebased solvents.
XRD and Rietveld refinement of the powder shows that the monoclinic NaSICON phase with only small amounts of ZrO 2 as an impurity phase was obtained.
Therefore, our results are expected to promote the use of the NASICON-type NMVTP/C cathode as a typical cathode material for SIBs in the near future.
In the past decades, owing to the low-cost and almost inexhaustible of sodium, sodium ion batteries (SIBs) have been under intensive investigations .
To better understand the energetics of sodium intercalation at vacancies, we performed DFT calculations of sodium insertion at a single vacancy site.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) with 2D morphology of nanocrystals have attracted much attention for aqueous electrolyte-based energy storage devices.
In order to further confirm this, Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 electrodes were cycled at 200 mA g -1 , varying the lower cut-off voltage from 1.8 to 1.5 V.
Sodium metal was used as an anode, and 1 M NaClO 4 in propylene carbonate (PC) with 2 v/v% uoroethylene carbonate (FEC) was used as the electrolyte.
Recent years have witnessed a surge of research in two-dimensional (2D) nanostructures for development of new rechargeable Li/Na-ion battery systems.
In this work, HC was further modified with F 2 gas at a relatively low temperature (≤ 150 °C) to tune its electrochemical performance as a SIB anode.
Our approach commenced with the meticulous assembly of a comprehensive database containing approximately 6000 CIF files of diverse NASICON compounds.
As previously reported for typical hard carbon anodes in NIBs, HC exhibits two distinct potential regions in the first sodiation profile (Figure 4a).
Hard carbon (Carbotron P S (F), Kureha) and a solid electrolyte were placed in a 45 mL ZrO 2 pot at a weight ratio of 60 : 40 with 4 mmº ZrO 2 balls.
Due to the similar ionic radius and same valence, it still maintained O3-type structure along with homogeneous distribution after introduction of Ti.
Meanwhile, they successfully prepared 1 Ah soft-packed batteries using NaFe 1/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 and hard carbon as cathode and anode, respectively.
It is necessary to investigate the recent phase transition of layered oxide two-phase materials in the sodium ion insertion and deinsertion reaction.
This is not a cycle number relevant for real battery applications but shows that capacity-limited sodium storage can be reversible even below 0 V vs.
Finally, it is observed that the outermost surface region of the Nadoped electrodes is mainly composed of Na 2 CO 3 and, to a lower extent, NaCO 3 R.
Also, the in situ XRD displayed that no OP4 phase transition occurred in the Cu-containing samples, which is frequently observed in P2-type structure.
As a result, diffusion of sodium ions is hindered, reducing the plateau capacity and shifting the mechanism to surface-controlled capacitive behavior.
Hence, ex situ HR-TEM and subsequent fast Fourier transformed (FFT) image analysis were performed on the O3-type positive electrode after 400th cycle.
In order to characterize the pristine electrode powders after synthesis XRD was performed on both the pristine tin phosphide and Prussian blue powder.
As shown in Supplementary Fig. 3a, all the synthesized cathodes can be indexed to the R3̅ m space group, indicating a typical O3-type structure 5,11 .
In recent years, sodium-ion batteries have gradually entered the public's view due to their abundant resource reserves, higher safety, and lower cost.
The Na + (de)intercalation behavior and potential charge compensation mechanism of Na0.55 during 1 C (120 mA g -1 ) cycling were further investigated.
The climbing image-nudged elastic band (NEB) method 36 was adopted to calculate the kinetic energy barriers during Na-ion migrations in AMIILT layers.
A CNF/G/MoS 2 composite was also used an anode material to fabricate the sodium cell, to examine its electrochemical activity for sodium ions storage.
Its aim is to assess the environmental sustainability of the process in view of the development of an ecofriendly SIB technology (Peters et al. 2016).
Our insights demonstrate favorable design flexibility and potential for developing high conductivity and (electro)chemically stable Na-ion SE systems.
Meanwhile, based on the previous results, the hard carbon/graphite hybrid system enable to promote the mass-transfer kinetics of the porous electrode.
It is of great interest to investigate the utilization of TiO 2 for Na-ion batteries because of its success as an anode material for Li-ion batteries.
As this technique is already quite common in industrial Li-ion manufacturing, the startup cost of producing Na-ion LTMOs can be significantly reduced.
Prussian blue (PB), as one of the oldest and the basic PBAs, where -CN-is connected with only Fe, can serve as a two e -insertion cathode (figure 5a).
Why can't sodium-ion batteries, which are low-cost, safe, and have stable high and low temperature performance, fail to replace lithium-ion batteries?
The results were explained by the sodium-ion supplying capability of the electrolyte inside the electrode, where the sodium insertion reaction occurs.
Our group also successfully regulated the pore structure of rose woodderived hard carbon via chemical pre-treatment and low-temperature pyrolysis 24 .
The presence of heterogeneous atoms in a bulk crystalline phase of the NASICON compounds can lower the activation energy (E a ) of Na + ion transport.
Gas components were analyzed during the initial de-sodiation of the O3-type positive electrode halfcell between the open-circuit voltage of 4.0 V (vs.
The additional FEC forms a greater concentration of NaF on the surface of the hard carbon, as is expected from the decomposition reactions (eqn ( 4)).
Furthermore, even the lowest salt concentration, 0.3 M, is acceptable for SIB application in terms of ionic conductivity (45 mS cm À1 for both salts).
In addition to the intrinsic conductivities of Na-ion SEs, their interface stability with electrodes is crucial for the efficient operation of ASSIBs.
Both cells exhibit an initial voltage drop and subsequent plateau that likely represent improved wetting of Na on NaSICON upon application of current.
The sodium-ion diffusion coefficient (D Na +) is determined during the second charge-discharge cycle using the GITT method based on Fick's second law.
The initial overpotential is much lower than that observed in previous intervals and is too low to be attributed to conduction purely through NaSICON.
Prussian blue analogues (PBA), as one of the MOF materials, are valued for their open frameworks, abundant redox sites, and stable porous structures .
The CV results are also conrmed by galvanostatic cycling tests performed to investigate the sodium ion storage behaviour in the different electrodes.
Because the conductivity of NaCBH is two orders of magnitude higher than that of NASICON, NASICON contributes a large fraction of the bulk resistance.
An important factor restricting the cycling performance of unmodified hard carbon anodes is the limited layer spacing relative to a larger K + radius.
Biomass and its waste products are abundant, low-cost, and have a high carbon and low oxygen and hydrogen content to suit hard carbon anode materials.
In contradiction to this study, Yang et al. showed that the pore volume of pores between 0.3 and 0.5 nm is responsible for reversible sodium storage .
High-throughput ground-state calculations were conducted to evaluate the phase stability of the NASICON structure across a wide range of compositions.
Due to the high energy barrier, sodium ions may diffuse to adjacent edge-sharing sites prior to gliding, as observed for the Na x VO 2 (x ¼ 0.5) case.
It is notable that the overpotential of Na-ion cells was smaller than that of Li-ion cells, despite the fact that Na + ions are larger than Li + ions.
This is a significant step towards a deeper understanding of structure-property relationships of hard carbons as negative electrode materials in SIBs.
In an O3-type cathode, the phase change of O3-P3 happens at relatively low potential with the layers gliding to minimize the Na-ion diffusion barrier.
This study focuses on the CED of LIB and SIB cell chemistries that are either commercially relevant or considered promising next-generation batteries.
Carbon material is rich in resources, low in cost, environmentally friendly, non-toxic and harmless, which can be a good candidate SIB anode material.
In summary, the minor capacity of low pyrolysis temperature derived hard carbon can be addressed precisely to the absence of the plateau contribution.
Nonetheless, issues including low voltage, limited capacity, and low electrode material capacity need to be fixed for sodium-ion battery applications.
Because galvanostatic proles of hard carbons are terminated in a voltage plateau, these shis have signicant implications for the measured capacity.
Furthermore, the potential of such a heterostructure as a promising candidate as the anode material for sodium-ion batteries, has also been evaluated.
Notably, unlike the 3D tunnel of LiFeSO 4 F, it has been demonstrated that NaFeSO 4 F conducts Na-ions in a one-dimensional manner through the tunnel.
For the construction of the MnS 0.5 Se 0.5 @N-CNF// Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 @C sodium-ion full cell, the cathode was fabricated through a specific process.
The novel B/C structure and stable PO 4 3À anions are favorable for sodium-ion transport and play an important role in enhancing the rate performance.
HCs with stable GCD cycling stabilities coupled with stable cathodes should be employed to construct SIB full cells with superior cycling stabilities.
S9: † Notably, the sodium ion diffusion kinetics in CoS/TiO 2 -SC electrode demonstrate a faster rate compared to those in CoS-SC electrode (Fig. 3h).
However, this gap could be narrowed and even closed for specific SIB cell chemistries through optimization of HC, representing a near-future scenario.
In order to understand the structural characteristics of coal-derived hard carbon anode materials, a series of samples were rst characterized by XRD.
Also, it shows that both appropriate U and the vdW interaction are critical to investigate the physical properties of Li-and Na-ion cathode materials.
Although these kinds of systems can help to remove the disadvantage of Co, the efficiency of these kind systems is similar to NaCoO2 cathode material.
In addition, hard carbon can be derived from renewable biomass sources such as sugar , cotton wool , pinecone hulls , peanut shells , and rice husks .
Due to the structural changes and change in potential from the open circuit to fully discharged state, sodium ion diffusion kinetics were compromised.
Hence, the mere quinone made organic electrode in sodium ion batteries not effective in nature hence some other elements will be added like bio-carbon.
The present work suggests that synergy of conductive additives and electrolyte plays pivotal role in improving the performance of sodium-ion batteries.
Cyclic voltammetry was carried out at different scan rates to gain further insight into the sodium insertion mechanism into the LTO-14.5%rGO composite.
Liu et al. reported that the diffusion coefficient of α-NaMnO 2 , measured using GITT within a voltage range of 2-4 V, is approximately 10 -12 cm 2 /s.
With this approach, the computational time for drying the hard carbon electrodes is approximately one to two days, using the hardware specified in Sec.
It is worth mentioning that a larger d002 space facilitates sodium ion intercalation and improves capacity, as demonstrated by Gomez-Martin et al. 45 .
This represents a large deviation from SIBs, where the HC-based anode only allocates B4 kg CO 2 -eq. kWh À1 . 4.2.2 CF of SIB and LIB active materials.
The high 2 reversible Na-storage capacity and cycling stability proved the superiority of the SnO nanorods as an anode material for Na-ion 2 batteries.
The NASICON structure is governed by a rigid polyanionic lattice, where PO 4 3À tetrahedra and MeO 6 octahedra form a tightly interconnected framework.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) potentially represent a more sustainable, less expensive and environmentally friendly alternative to lithium-ion batteries.
We also employed the GITT method to estimate the apparent Na-ion diffusion coefficients of the cathode materials calcined for different durations (Fig.
As presented in Figure 6D, Xue et al. applied a ZnO coating to P2-type Na 2/3 [Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 cathode material using a simple wet chemical method .
Level 1 represents insertion of sodium ions into the carbon interlayers while level 2 represents occupation of quasimetallic sodium atoms in the pores.
And the full-cell with HE-K-PBA cathode and hard carbon anode can exhibit a high reversible capacity of 182.4 mAh g - 1 at 1.0 A g -1 after 200 cycles.
Therefore, we believe that our predictive model successfully identified and recommended 16 NASICON compounds with outstanding properties (see Table 2).
The transfer of solvated sodium ions from the electrolyte to the bulk electrode occurs across this interface and involves an associated energy barrier.
For efficient operation of an integrated device, the sodium ion chemistry is high rate capable and has low overpotentials to minimize mismatch effects.
Overall, it can be said and justified that potato starch derived hard carbon (SHC) may not be as useful for supercapacitors as the other three samples.
The latter group includes the pioneer of solid-state electrolytes, Na-β/β ′′ -alumina, and NASICON, which has gained more attention in recent decades .
Tin disulfide monolayer offers advantages as an anode material for Li/Na-ion batteries, although it cannot be considered ideal for direct exploitation.
The carbon microcrystals in hard carbon have less carbon lamellar stacking along the C-axis direction and are generally arranged in random orientation.
They studied the electrochemical insertion of sodium ion into a hard carbon made from petroleum coke, achieving a reversible capacity of 85 mA h g À1 .
With its tetragonal crystal lattice (P4 2 /mnm), it has channels in which Na + ions can move fast, and it is to be considered a NASICON-like structure.
These spectra show that the NaSICON-23h pellet has a much higher relative amount of sodium in the cross-section, which is also clear in the SEM images.
At the same time, this paper also compares the sodium-ion battery and a traditional lithium-ion battery, revealing the potential of sodium-ion battery.
The co-intercalation/co-deintercalation of hydrated sodium ions is a possible charge storage mechanism for birnessites in aqueous sodium-ion batteries.
To summarize, the sol-gel method was employed to synthesize a Na 3 Fe 0.8 V 1.2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C phosphate cathode material possessing a NASICON structure.
The same group further studied the sodium storage mechanisms and found that the composite structure showed an important impact on the charge mechanism.
The bands with Raman shifts between 200 cm -1 and 700 cm -1 can be assigned to A 1g , E 1g and E 2g modes of the P2-type material (Iliev et al., 2004).
The peak potential differences (ΔE P ) of anionic redox reaction in NaMNO 2 is 0.59 V (4.30 and 3.71 V for oxidation and reduction peak, respectively).
The lower average Na storage voltage of the Ti-substituted samples extends their potential application as negative electrodes for sodium-ion batteries.
In Fig. 2a, HE-V featured a NASICON structure by a low R wp value of 3.41% (atomic occupation and lattice properties are presented in Table S7, ESI †).
The influence of temperature, sintering time and sodium excess on the phase composition of NASICON was investigated using the X-ray diffraction method.
A linear relationship between the reversible capacity and interlayer spacing was evidenced and highlights the Na-ion insertion between graphene layers.
These two studies highlighted that in situ/operando Raman spectroscopy represents a valuable tool to elucidate the sodiation mechanism in hard carbons.
In addition, the Cu:Na ratio was found to be 3:1, evidencing that the majority of the sodium ions have been substituted by copper during the synthesis.
It profoundly indicates that graphene is playing a negligible role in the sodium storage capacity of TiO 2 in carbonate electrolytes unlike in diglyme.
In this way, our hard carbon provides its feasibility to serve as an advanced anode material for high-energy rechargeable lithium/sodium-ion batteries.
Upon charging P2-type structures with reduced sodium levels to high voltages, the sodium concentration within the crystal lattice becomes insufficient.
The 0-K topotactic ab-initio phase diagram confirms that highly calciated NaSICON materials will phase-separate into Na3VP, CaVP, and another VP phase.
The screen-printing process proceeded by printing a Nasicon paste with pore former on the sintered Nasicon, and then heating the screen-printed sample.
In addition, owing to the excessive embedment of sodium ions in the electrolyte, this method will lead to the destruction of the electrolyte structure.
Zhang et al. synthesized a double-layer ZnS-SnS@C hollow nanobox (H-ZSS@C@G) for LIB and SIB anodes and used graphene for encapsulation [Figure 4E-H] .
In the rst cathodic scan (sodiation), the rst peak at 1.20 V can be ascribed to the intercalation of sodium ions into MoS 2 interlayer (refer to Fig.
Finding production methods to avoid or reduce the generation of crystal water has become a top priority in research on Prussian blue cathode materials.
The results show no discernible enhancement in either cycling or rate performance compared to P2-NaMNO and P3-NaMNO electrodes (Supplementary Fig. 25).
P2-structured Na2/3Mn2/3Ni1/3O2 and its Fe and Cu-doped analogues have the oxygen redox activity enabled by high covalency of the TMs at charged state.
In the actual solid electrolyte sample in Figure 4 (d), we see that the existing 800-900 µm thick NASICON sample can reduce its thickness up to 300 µm.
Furthermore, there is a growing need for more tailored recycling processes for SIB recycling, such as recovering vanadium pentoxide from NVPF cathodes.
Liquid electrolyte sodium-ion batteries, however, pose potential safety hazards that could lead to serious safety incidents and social economic losses.
For instance, the energy density of a SIB is expected to be lower than that of a LIB due to both the higher standard potential of Na + / Na (2.71 V vs.
In this work, we investigate the origin as well as the influence of the transition metal ratio on Na + /vacancy orderings in P2-type cathode materials.
In the Fe K-edge (Fig. 1e), a shift in the absorption of B2 eV is also noted during sodium insertion FC to FD, which in this work is from 4.0 to 0.2 V.
According to Eq. 2, the activation energy can be calculated, with k B being Boltzmann's constant: The NaSICON powders were prepared as described above.
Building on these findings, Hu et al. later reported a P2-type Na 0.78 Cu 0.22 Fe 0.11 Mn 0.67 O 2 cathode synthesized via a simple solidstate method .
Sodium is one of the most abundant elements on the Earth's crust, such that the use of sodium ions has a great advantage in lowering the cost of ESSs .
Clearly expressed is the influence of the silicon dioxide on the system for Na 3 Fe 2 (PO 4 ) 3 synthesis with electrochemical properties of NASICON 1.
Figures 3(a) and(d) show the results of ion conductivity through EIS measurements of the porous NASICON pellets and epoxy-NASICON pellets, respectively.
The electrochemical performance of MnHCF in aqueous Zn-ion battery has displayed very different phenomena, with respect to the organic Na-ion batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) are rapidly attracting interest as a viable alternative to lithium-ion batteries primarily based on cost and sustainability.
Very recently, Ishizaki et al. suggested that cesium is adsorbed into iron vacancy, in Prussian blue: Fe iii 4/3 Fe ii 1/3 (Cn) 3 •xh 2 O (x = 10/3-5) .
In this study, we intend to establish a robust way to efficiently assess ESWs for the two NASICON-type materials Li 1+x Al x M 2-x (PO 4 ) 3 (M Ge, Ti).
The fully ordered Na0.54TiO2 shows the maximum intensity while introducing only 2% of Na/Ti exchange yields to a decrease of 57 % of the peak intensity.
Tests were performed in the 1-4.1 V (vs. hard carbon) potential interval using the GITT program, and EIS was performed at the end of the resting period.
Indeed, this "more space" is used not only to accommodate the JT structural deformation but also -77 -to an alternative intercalation site for Na+ ions.
A sol-gel procedure was used to synthesize NASICON-type lithium-ion conductors with nominal compositions Li 1+X Al X Ge 2-X (PO 4 ) 3 where 0 ≤ X ≤ 0.6.
Traditionally, hard carbons are made from costly carbon sources, but recent advancements have focussed on using abundant bio-waste, like coffee grounds.
Furthermore, the GCD curves overlap well in subsequent cycles, which confirm the excellent stability of FeS 2 QD/MXene electrode for sodium-ion storage.
The SbPO 4 /BC x electrode displays the lowest slope (s = 9.18) among the three electrodes (Table S3, ESI †), implying facile sodium-ion transportation.
However, leaching efficiency of precious metals V and Zr from ASIB solid electrolyte NZSP is negligible when the HBD content in LoMMSs varies (Fig. 2e).
In addition, PLM@LE can cycle steadily for more than 500 h, representing the interfacial stability between the PLM@LE and sodium metal during the cycle.
Considering the superior electrochemistry performance and the low cost, holly leaf-derived HTPC-H-180 hard carbon would be a competitive anode for SIBs.
After the over-discharge of hard carbon below 0 V, the EPR signal gets divided into Lolunsi (broad peak) and Dysonian (sharp shoulder peak) line shapes.
Thus, defect/vacancy creation using single and dual heteroatom doping at a certain level is vitally benign in improving SIB anode performance [17,145, .
The prime advantage of Na-ion batteries comes from the natural abundance and the lower cost of Na over Li in the earth's crust, i.e., 23,600 ppm-20 ppm.
While linear trends are obtained for LIB tests, the SIB tests seem to have no correlation between the irreversible capacity and any porosity descriptor.
In contrast, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are more suitable for low-cost energy storage devices because of the abundance of sodium and affordable price .
Our results show that the Na + ion transport in NaSICONs can be modied by different cation substitution strategies in the host lattice Na 1 M 2 PO 12 .
With lifetimes of around 3000 cycles, the assessed SIB would already outperform existing LIBs under environmental aspects, except for LFP-LTO type LIBs.
Interestingly, the diffusion coefficient reaches its peak around the Ti 3+ /Ti 4+ redox potential, suggesting faster sodium-ion mobility in this region.
The average D Na+ was calculated to be 5.5 × 10 -10 cm 2 s -1 for A-SnS 2 @G, 3.2 times as much as that of SnS 2 /G electrode (1.7 × 10 -10 cm 2 s -1 ).
As an SIB anode, the material exhibited superior performance (435.6 mAh g -1 , 0.1 A g -1 current density, and 50 cycles) to commercial Sb 2 O 3 powder.
This structural characteristic enabled the hard carbon to achieve an optimal reversible capacity of 350 mAh g -1 under a current density of 20 mA g -1 .
However, for the case that hard carbon immersed in electrolytes for 6 h, the solvation structure diffuses only within the shallow layer of hard carbons.
Furthermore, the hard carbon||P2-NaMNNb coin cell shows a discharge capacity retention of about 84% after 300 cycles at 920 mA g -1 and 25 °C (Fig. 7c).
The sodium storage capability of the sodiatied samples is investigated through galvanostatic charge-discharge tests in half-cells with a Na-metal anode.
These crystalline polymorphs are reported to exhibit electrochemical activity, while the amorphous phase was also reversibly accommodating sodium ions .
This favorable response is achieved by the decoration of polymer nanocomposites incorporated with NiFe Ns that is supported with Prussian blue analogue.
Moreover, it is benecial in producing products with reduced vacancy defects and crystal water content, leading to excellent sodium storage performance.
As an anode for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), the as-prepared CoS 2 /C polyhedron electrodes exhibit high reversible capacity and good cycling stability.
In particular, hard carbon is characterized by its resistance to graphitization above 2,500 °C, making it a crucial material in the development of SIBs.
The materials' structure and electronic/chemical interactions between the CN lm create an interface layer that improves the sodium storage performance.
The polyanionic electrode materials are intercalation-based active hosts for sodium ions to store the energy in the form of an electrochemical reaction.
At the end of the charge, the structure transitions to the Na 1 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 phase with the Cmc2 1 space group after two sodium ions are extracted.
A significant decrease in is observed at ~ 0.1-0.04 V, corresponding to Na + intercalation into the graphitic interlayers within the hard carbon matrix.
The basic element of this type of cell is a dense ceramic electrolyte with a high mobility of sodium ions, which forms a barrier to growth of dendrites.
Holding back the development of these batteries is that a complete understanding of the mechanism of Na-ion storage in hard carbon has remained elusive.
It decreases to 0.569 above 5 mV s -1 , implying the sodium storage in the TiO 2 /C HRTs is transferred to diffusion-controlled behavior at high rates .
The layer is also observed around certain particles within the electrode bulk, suggesting the formation of an SEI layer rich in Nacontaining components.
The DME-derived SEI, though containing no F component, can highly stabilize the interface to enable the reversible and high-rate cycling of hard carbon.
Another complexity arises from the vastly different precursor compositions for sodium ion layered oxide cathodes compared to their lithium counterparts.
As shown in Fig. 2j, the peaks display a linear shift with the increase in scan rate, indicating a diffusion-controlled process of sodium-ion transport.
CHC has the lowest with 0.591 nm, for starch (SHC) and H 3 PO 4 (PHC) activated hard carbon, it was calculated to be 0.627 nm and 0.639 nm respectively.
Sodium ions can migrate reversibly between both side electrodes, composed of insertion-type materials that allow sodium ions to be inserted and removed.
For example, Fe substituted for Mn can inhibit the phase transition after sodium removal of NaMnO2 materials, thus improving the stability of materials.
Rate performance tests indicate superior kinetics of the Na 2 MnFe(CN) 6 ‖G-CTS2800 SIB with a high capacity of 103.642 mA h at 1C, as shown in Fig. 6E.
Such needle like structures on sodium layered oxides were previously reported for materials stored in humid air (Duffort et al., 2015;Zuo et al., 2020).
The sodium-rich polyanionic compound NaFePO 4 is extensively investigated as an active material for ARSIBs, presenting a similar structure to LiFePO 4 .
The Prussian blue analogues are a material with a cubic crystal structure, and this type of cathode material can be denoted by A2-xM[M'(CN)6]1-y□y•nH2O.
Furthermore, its ability to be used with negative electrode active material of sodium-ion battery technology in a wide potential window is demonstrated.
Na superionic conductor (NASICON)-type LiZr 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (LZP) is an oxide-based solid electrolyte candidate for use in all-solid-state Li-ion batteries.
This strategy inspires more rational designs and could be applied to a series of O3 cathodes to improve the performance of solid-state Na-ion batteries.
We demonstrate the dramatic lowering of overpotential in molten sodium symmetric cells with a NaSICON separator by the application of these Sn coatings.
The results predict the most favorable sodium-ion migration pathways, with the 3D iso-surfaces of these diffusion channels, as illustrated in Fig. 5(d).
However, HC anodes for sodium-ion storage exhibit poor rate performance and low initial coulombic efficiency when matched with carbonate-based solvents.
Scandium-substituted Na 1+x+y Sc y Zr 2-y Si x P 3-x O 12 NaSICONs have emerged as promising electrolyte materials for all-solid-state sodium batteries.
In summary, an all-phosphate SIB with self-standing electrodes of NTP/CNFs and NVP/CNFs has been prepared and achieved high electrochemical performance.
The power density obtained for this NVP symmetric cell (48 250 W kg À1 ) is the best among those of all the sodium-ion-based full cells reported to date.
Na/Na + of (d) plastic waste-derived spherical carbon, and (e) plastic waste-derived hard carbon. (f) The rate performance of plastic waste-based carbon.
Our results highlight the importance of controlling interplanar gliding in improving the cycle performance of the sodium layered oxide cathode materials.
Structural fitting results reveal that Na-ions occupy the 4e site (i.e., the basal parts of the PTCDA molecules) until storing 1.5 Na-ions per unit cell.
The large number of pores (Supplementary Fig. 16a), permit exploitation of all the MoS 2 active sites during the sodium ion insertion/extraction process.
After the introduction of the LIB, efforts in research and development on sodium-ion anodes, i.e., lithium-analogue materials, was the next logical step.
The development of aqueous sodium-ion batteries (ASIBs) has long been afflicted by non-competitive energy density (< 30 Wh kg -1 ) and poor cyclability .
An expanded interlayer distance and the larger sheet size of RGO together provide better junction contacts, which allow fast sodium insertion/extraction.
A pristine (untested) pellet is shown in Figure 3a, the NaSICON-100 pellet is shown in Figure 3b-c, and the SnNaSICONSn-100 pellet is shown in Figure 3d.
Prussian blue analog (PBA) batteries have received increasing attention because of the high rate, long cycle life, and low cost of PBA-based electrodes .
The SIB had a half-cell capacity of 332.1 mAh g -1 over 100 cycles at 0.2 A g -1 and a full-cell capacity of 112.5 mAh g -1 at 0.1 A g -1 over 60 cycles.
Regarding composite modifications, Kempf et al. have studied the temperature-dependent performance of ion carbon-rich Sn-SiOC composites for SIB anodes .
Yang et al. (Fig. 2 c) invented a Ti-doped NaxTMO2 cathode, Na2/3Fe1/3Mn0.57Ti0.1O2 (NFMTO), which was incorporated with an anode made up of hard carbon.
As an SIB anode, the material delivered a reversible discharge capacity of 184 mAh g -1 at a discharge current density of 1,000 mAh g -1 over 200 cycles.
At the same time, the gas reacts with the hard carbon negative electrode, triggering the electrolyte decomposition and decreasing the battery cycle life.
The optimal Mg-doped vA-NASICON exhibited a high ionic conductivity of 3.64×10 -3 S•cm -1 , which was almost 80% higher than that of un-doped vA-NASICON.
Here, we focus on the most stable allotrope Si 24 and thoroughly assess its potential electrochemical performance as anode material for Na-ion batteries.
For the sodium half-cell of porous carbon microspheres, the high b-value of 0.94 shows the charge storage from greater surface adsorption of sodium ions.
The future outlook for sodium-ion batteries remains aligned with the established goal: emerging as a cost-effective alternative to lithium-ion batteries.
The thermal stability of SIB cathodes is heavily influenced by their composition and structure, yet significant gaps remain in achieving optimal designs.
Therefore, we propose Zn 2 (OH) 2 CO 3 assisted ball milling pretreatment followed by carbonization to generate closed pores in coal-derived hard carbon.
By decoupling the two components from the total Na-O PDF, the distribution of distances for the sodium ions lying in (e) and (f) positions were obtained.
The rst charge capacity of the P2-type material is only 82 mA h g À1 , which is much lower than the corresponding discharge capacity of $142 mA h g À1 .
We discover that a hard carbon of surprisingly low specific surface area, e.g., 5.4 m 2 /g, can be prepared by pyrolysis of such a mixture of sucrose/GO.
Na-ion full-cells were assembled using Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 as the cathode, synthesized according to Park et al. 45 and characterized by powder XRD (Fig.
To further explore the sodium storage mechanisms, GITT was used to calculate the Na + diffusion coefficient (D Na + ) in the sloping and plateau regions.
Marino et al. 82 investigated the impact of several atmospheres (Ar, N2, and Ar/H2) on the properties of hard carbon derived from lignin-based bio-waste.
According to all included before, Sodium-ion battery is a better choice to choose on the effect of environment during recycling than Lithium-ion battery.
Notably, the exceptional cycling stability of over 100 000 cycles at 100C marks an unprecedented milestone for cathode materials in sodium-ion batteries.
For electrolytes with sodium-ion concentrations higher than x(Na[FSA]) = 0.30, the capacities are maintained at around 80 mAh (g-NaCrO 2 ) ¹1 at 2C rate.
There are different production conditions for the α-NaMnO 2 and β-NaMnO 2 phases, such as oxygen and argon environments, with long heat-treatment cycles.
For sodium-ion batteries PVDF, NMP and copper foil were substituted with carboxymethylcellulose (CMC), distilled water and an aluminum foil respectively.
In this study, an all-solid-state battery combining an Na 3 BS 3 glass electrolyte and a hard carbon negative electrode active material was investigated.
The authors also observed that an increase in the volume of closed pores leads to a decrease in the true density of hard carbon, as shown in Figure 15.d.
Lan et al. developed a deep eutectic solvent (DES)-assisted shearing method to precisely control the closed-pore structure in bamboo-derived hard carbon.
This might be related to the side reactions involved during the electrochemical process in the Na-ion battery system, which needs to be further improved.
Between 0-2.5 V cell voltage, the first stage of sodiation, which is equivalent to the sloping voltage region in the hard carbon halfcell (2.0-0.02 V vs.
In order to overcome the limitation of single hard carbons, it is undoubtedly a new development trend to make up the deficiency by multiphase composites.
Lu et al. 26 reported that the Li vacancy generated aer Li migration in NASICON materials provides the proton migration path under fuel cell conditions.
They demonstrated that SIBs show some potential important environmental advantages compared with LIBs, typically using hard carbons as an anode material.
In addition, as shown in Supplementary Fig. 28, the sodium-ion pouch cell HESSe||NVP successfully illuminates the HQU logo pattern composed of LED bulbs.
The pore diameter in mangrove char-derived hard carbons was distributed primarily between 0.45 and 0.55 nm, which can be referred to as ultra-micropores.
The cathode materials for SIBs can be mainly divided into polyanionic compounds , Prussian blue and its analogues , and layered transition metal oxides .
Additionally, new life cycle inventory data are presented for the industrial-scale synthesis of hard carbon (HC) and SIB-cathode active materials (CAMs).
The aim of this study is to find a solid ternary solution of Na-based cathode material in batteries replacement for NaCoO2, which is expensive and toxic.
Owing to an enduring protective layer, NaPF 6 /diglyme could serve as a welding agent to preserve the electrode material mass during sodium-ion exchange.
The LF and CF-based hard carbon anode was prepared with a mass loading of ~0.45 mg/cm 2 , ensuring accurate control of the weight of the active material.
On the basis of above results, a sodium-ion full cell was also demonstrated using P2-Na 0.6 [Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 ]O 2 as both negative and positive electrodes.
Especially, since early estimations for Na-ion technology forecast a cost reduction of 30% as compared to Li-ion technology (Larcher and Tarascon, 2015).
Furthermore, the implementation of a series of supportive policies in recent years has accelerated the industrialization process of sodium-ion batteries.
Furthermore, there is an expectation that sodium-ion batteries will find extensive use in small vehicles and facilities for storing energy in the future.
For comparison, the CKF was processed under the same conditions without the addition of DAP, and the resulting hard carbon material is designated as OHC.
All treatment times showed a clear transformation into a NASICON structure (Space Group (SG) 15, COD 1530660), which made up the majority of the samples.
Similarly, for the SIB during the initial cycle, prominent cathodic peaks appear in the range of 0.5-1.8 V, attributed to the formation of the SEI layer.
In addition, the NaMNO 2 cathode also exhibits a lower Coulombic efficiency than the CuMgTi-571 cathode during charge/discharge (Supplementary Fig. 10a).
Tunnel-type Na 0.44 MnO 2 (tt-NMO) is a promising cathode for sodium ion battery having excellent structural stability, diffusion kinetics, and low cost.
Furthermore, we demonstrated that each compound of the NVPF 3-2y O 2y (0 # y # 1) family can serve as a stable high voltage cathode for Na-ion batteries.
The CH -, C 2 HO -and NaCO 3 -contents are higher in E-Control, indicating a violent decomposition of solvents, which is consistent with the XPS results.
The excellent capacity retention of the bm-NVPox electrodes, at high current rates of up to 10C, highlights the facile Na-ion migration in the framework.
Organic materials are competitive as anodes for Na-ion batteries (NIBs) due to the low cost, abundance, environmental benignity, and high sustainability.
Consequently the architectures and shapes of lignin derived hard carbon materials could be designed by pre-shaping the architectures of lignin precursors.
Additionally, the reactivity of sodium metal clusters in hard carbon micropores can intensify self-heating, particularly at higher states of charge (SOC).
Moreover, first-principle calculations (FPCs) show that the conduction of sodium ions in c-Na 3 PS 4 and t-Na 3 PS 4 is similar (Krauskopf et al., 2018a).
To confirm that sodiation has occurred, one of the islands formed across the NASICON surface was analysed by simultaenous 14 dual-polarity SIMS (Fig. 1c).
To the best of our knowledge this is the first time an ether-based electrolyte with a carbonate additive has been reported for sodium ion battery testing.
The reversible storage capacity and structural stability of this three-dimensional structure of sodium ions during the cycle can be effectively increased.
Therefore, the complete solid-solution reaction is not always the necessities in perusing high rate performance for P2-type layered cathodes 13,14,28,45 .
When it comes to kinetics, rapid sodium-ion solid diffusion is crucial for obtaining sodium-ion batteries with high energy density and high power density.
For stable electrochemical performance, these small volumetric changes must remain reversible during the repeated insertion and extraction of sodium ions.
The electrochemical performance of Na-ion half cells was assessed via cyclic voltammetry (CV) and galvanostatic cycling with potential limitations (GCPL).
Further, the microstructure of the Na penetration in the SnNaSICONSn-1000 cell provided insight to the dominant failure mechanism at this current density.
For aqueous Na-ion, K-ion and Mg-ion batteries, Pt wire was used as counter electrode, saturated calomel electrode (Hg/Hg 2 Cl 2 ) as reference electrode.
The resulting HC anode exhibits an outstanding sodium storage capacity of 357.1 mA h g -1 and a high initial coulombic efficiency of 90.7% at 50 mA g -1 .
The rst charge-discharge plot revealed a linear I-V trend, indicating the pseudocapacitive mechanism for storing sodium ions, as illustrated in Fig. 10c.
Research on Na-ion batteries has focused on two classes of cathode materials with different advantages: layered oxide and complex polyanion frameworks5-8.
These peaks are attributed to the diffraction from the and lattice planes of carbon, respectively, and are hallmarks of the typical hard carbon structure.
The resultant hard carbons are referred as x-y, where x is the pressure applied during the pre-treatment (in bar) and y the pyrolysis temperature (in °C).
This approach will be essential for adequately characterizing and interpreting the performance of iron-based PBAs for application in sodium-ion batteries.
Rietveld refinements of the PXRD patterns confirmed crystallisation in a P2-type structure for both compositions (refinement details are presented in Fig.
Also, the average number of sodium ions in a ring approximates three (since the multiplicity of Na2 and Na3 sites is 2 and the site occupancies sum E1.0).
However, further improvements in SIB performance are still needed in the aspects of energy/power densities, fast-charging capability and cyclic stability.
However, the radius of sodium ions is large, the three types of anode materials for SIBs are insertion-type, conversion-type, and alloying-type materials.
Promising electrochemical behaviour, along with the low-priced precursors, makes the synthesised carbon a promising material for commercial sodium anodes.
Other than graphite, hard carbon is widely employed as an anode material for SIB applications due its highly stable nature of cycling (Wang et al., 2014).
Additionally, the very premise of entropy stabilizationdisorder -runs counter to the ordered framework required for efficient Na + conduction in NASICONs.
The effects of material structure on the electrochemical performance of mangrove-derived hard carbon anodes in sodium ion batteries were closely examined.
We report a simple and inexpensive colloidal synthesis of SnSb nanocrystals (NCs) and demonstrate their utility as lithium-and sodium-ion anode materials.
To render the sodium ion battery (SIB) competitive among other technologies, the processes behind sodium storage in hard carbon anodes must be understood.
The voltage profile during the sodiation of hard carbons can be generally divided into three regions: a sloping region at potentials higher than 1.5 V vs.
During discharge to ~1.1 V, the peaks from NiSe 2 shift toward a lower angle due to lattice expansion from sodium-ion insertion to form Na x NiSe 2 phase.
High-quality Prussian blue analogues are usually fabricated with enhancing crystallinity, indicating the decreased content of lattice water and vacancies.
Antimony (Sb) reacts with three sodium ions and has a theoretical capacity of 660 mAh•g -1 , which is relatively smaller than that of tin (847 mAh•g -1 ).
Zhao et al. successfully prepared a high-entropy O3-type layered oxide NaNi 0.12 Cu 0.12 Mg 0.12 Fe 0.15 Co 0.15 Mn 0.1 Ti 0.1 Sn 0.1 Sb 0.04 O 2 cathode.
The continuous network structure of the Q 0 (3Al) units leads to supression of the hopping sites required for long-range motion of the mobile sodium ions.
Na/Na + . 5 The sloping region highlights the interplay between Na + adsorption and electrolyte decomposition at the hard carbon surface during sodiation.
In this study, Mn 2 O 3 is synthesised by combining a hydrothermal and a thermal decomposition method and used as Na-ion battery anode for the first time.
We report the feasibility of using reduced graphene oxide (RGO) as a cost-effective and high performance cathode material for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
The Al 3+ substitution of partial V 3+ in the NASICON matrix allows for access to the highly reversible redox reaction of the V 4+ /V 5+ couple (4.0 V vs.
The knowledge gained from LIB research has been translated to sodium ion batteries (SIBs) assisting the fundamental understanding of oxygen redox in SIBs.
It can be seen from the rate curves that the addition of spherical hard carbon benefits to the rate performance, which is consistent with the EIS results.
For further insights into the stable and low-resistance interface, the interphasial chemistry on the cycled hard carbon was investigated via XPS (Fig. 5).
Electrodes with Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 were prepared and the assembled coin cells were tested in two different voltage windows.
Synthesis of Na2/3Fe1/3Mn2/3O2 and Na2/3Fe1/3Mn0.57Ti0.1O2 The solid-state calcination method has been used to prepare the pristine and Tidoped materials.
Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) form crystals with large lattice voids that are suitable for the capture, transport and storage of various interstitial ions.
Unfortunately, the large radius of sodium ions make it difficult to find appropriate Na-storage electrode materials with high capacity and rapid kinetics.
Figure 4c, d shows the SEM images from the cycled hard carbon electrodes and O3-type positive electrodes that were dismantled from the cycled pouch cells.
The relevant sodium ion diffusion pathways and diffusion energy barriers were calculated via a DFT study, and illustrations are presented in Figures 2O-Q.
Also, selecting appropriate advanced techniques and careful structure analysis is critical to understanding the storage behavior of hard carbon materials.
And our results conrm that a suitable cleaning process is very essential for preparing high performance hard carbon anode derived from biomass precursor.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are emerging as a promising sustainable energy solution, leveraging on the abundance and cost-effectiveness of sodium ions 1 .
This research could lead to the development of a promising strategy for improving the electrochemical performance of next-generation sodium-ion batteries.
As the radius increases, the destructive power of sodium ions on the electrode material structure increases during the insertion and extraction processes.
From the above theoretical calculation and speculation, the addition of hard carbon to graphite will effectively change the powder and void distributions.
This study demonstrated the ability to control of glucose-derived hard carbons the heating rate of the initial temperature ramp rate during carbonization.
Sodium-Ion Batteries (SIBs) have gained increasing attention due to their low production cost, abundant raw materials, and relatively high energy density.
This suggests that a higher secondary carbonization temperature facilitates hard carbon in acquiring a greater quantity and larger volume of closed pores.
Total energy calculations also verify a lower energy barrier of TiO2(B)-OVs(O3f), resulting in more favorable sodium ions insertion into bronze structure.
Li et al. synthesized monodisperse hard carbon spheres from sucrose, and the assembled battery exhibited the highest capacity of 220 mA h g -1 at 1600 C.
Wang et al. investigated sodium-ion storage using reduced graphene oxide (RGO) as anode material and found promising reversible electrochemical behaviour.
Full-cells with the advanced Sb@C yolk-shell structured anodes can deliver ~1.5 times energy of similar Na-ion battery design but with hard carbon anodes.
We show that the Prussian blue analogue magnetic microgels combined with ionized chitosan can realize the release and adsorption of cesium ions from clay.
The long-term selenization process for 6 h improved the sodium-ion storage properties of the FeSe x -rGO composite powders by improving the crystallinity.
O3-type sodium-ion layered oxide cathodes hold great potential for utilization in large-scale energy storage devices and low-speed electric vehicles 1,2 .
In SIBs, the diffusion of sodium ions is more difficult compared with that of lithium ions due to the relative larger sodium ion radius (Li et al., 2015).
The relationship between the structural parameter R and the cathode cycling stability was fully investigated using Na0.55 and Na1 as representative cases.
This can be attributed to the higher amount of Prussian blue analogues on the particle surafces which provides more effective adsorption sites for cesium.
In this structure, the large sodium ions occupy the trigonal prismatic sites in one layer, whereas smaller Li and Ti ions co-occupy the neighboring layer.
Sodium ion batteries are considered as next generation energy storage devices instead of Li-ion batteries owing to the less availability of Li-ion source.
Solvent co-intercalation can be used to tune the properties of some layered CAMs for Na-ion batteries and depends on the specific CAM-solvent combination.
Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 is the most common formulation of NASICON and is found to have ionic conductivity in the higher range when compared with other types .
It is thus expected that the optimization of the electrochemical performance of hard carbons requires a properly controlled amount of phosphorous additive.
In this regard, researchers turn their attention to sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) owing to the low cost and superior temperature tolerance compared to LIBs .
The key issue lies in the lack of fundamental understanding into the synthesis reactions that leads to the inaccessibility of O3-type phase pure compounds.
For example, the cathode's sodium ions are larger and heavier than lithium ions, leading to decreased cycle performance and lower energy density capacity .
In particular, 2H-phase layered bulk CrN 2 possesses a proper theoretical capacity (335 mA h g -1 ) and a desirable sodium ion diffusion barrier (0.49 eV).
The electrochemical behaviors of Na-DCA-NrGO were assessed with sodium metal as the counter electrode and 1.0 M or 1.2 M NaClO4-EC/DEC electrolyte in NIBs.
Additionally, as sodium ions occupy confined pore spaces, more efficient ionic pathways are created within the carbon structure, improving charge transfer.
Therefore, people began to use vanadium to replace iron, hoping to compensate for the instability of sodium ion channels in iron-based phosphate compounds.
The negative electrode was made up of fresh sodium metal (~0.5 mm in thickness, 14 mm in diameter) or AC electrode (~2 mm in thickness, 14 mm in diameter).
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) work on the similar principle as LIBs, relying on the "rocking chair" movement of metal ions between the anode and the cathode.
To better study the sodium storage and lithium storage processes in the N-GHC based electrode, EIS data were measured after six CV cycles in LIBs and SIBs.
Here we track three-dimensional structural and chemical evolution of tin anodes in sodium-ion batteries with in situ synchrotron hard X-ray nanotomography.
This emphasizes that the formation of a NaF-rich and dense SEI has a severe impact on the morphology and electrochemical behavior of the hard carbon anode.
In order to repair defects (vacancies and lattice water), some surfactants can be used to reduce the surface tension of Prussian blue analogues materials .
Microspherical hard carbons (MSHCs) have the added advantage of higher packing density and low surface area to volume ratio with good structural stability.
Meanwhile, the optimum hard carbon derived from waste wood displays good rate capability, high reversible plateau capacity, and stable cycling performance.
To circumvent these issues, here, we report a strategy to develop P2-type layered cathodes via configurational entropy and ion-diffusion structural tuning.
The high electric conductivity can boost significantly transfer for electron, pro-moting an amplified sodium ion flux especially at high current densities.
After saturating the porous NASICON pellets with the epoxyresin solution, they were maintained in a vacuum to allow for absorption into the internal pores.
High-entropy Prussian blue analogue K1.29(MnFeCoNiCu)[Fe(CN)6] (HE-K-PBA) was synthesized by a conventional co-precipitation method under room temperature.
However, the coarse CV curves of pure MoS 2 (Supplementary Fig. 21) with much lower current intensities indicate inferior sodium ions storage capabilities.
Sb@C yolk-shell spheres with tunable interior space have been obtained via a facile thermal annealing strategy and used as anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
This work not only develops a new anode material for sodium-ion batteries, but also provides a simple and low-cost method for improving Sb anode materials.
The resultant hard carbon||NLNFMB full cell delivers a specific energy of up to 224 Wh kg -1 based on the total mass of cathode and anode active materials.
However, due to the bigger size of Mn 2+ ion, the structure offers higher sodium ion migration energy [see Fig. 4(c)] compared to other transition metals .
However, first works date back to the emergence of rechargeable batteries 2 as both lithium and sodium intercalation compounds were initially investigated.
The inhomogeneous nature of hard carbons poses challenges in achieving the desired structural and physico-chemical properties for efficient sodium storage.
Rietveld analysis of the FD sample was conducted using the O3-type Na x Ni 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 structural model, which adopts R% 3m space group symmetry.
In the first discharge, a broad cathodic peak at 1.065 V corresponds to the insertion of sodium ion into CoSe 2 , leading to the formation of Na x CoSe 2 .
In general lignin is an excellent raw material for sp 2 -sp 3 hybrid hard carbon products, a green and sustainable alternative resource for phenolic resin.
Therefore, constructing hierarchical structure of TMCs transferring from MOFs is a potential method to acquire high-performance sodium-ion anode materials.
It results in a highly stable O3-type structured Na and Mn-rich layered cathode material with intermediate metastable states during de-sodiation/sodiation.
The sensitivity of Na-ion materials with CO 2 and moisture in the air can potentially alter the surface chemistry, obscuring the as-synthesized structure .
The insight into hard carbons and related interphases may be extended to other battery systems and support the continued development of battery technology.
This scalable interface modification strategy provides valuable insights into the development of advanced oxide cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
In addition to the difference in SEIs, significant differences can also be seen for the structure of the hard carbon harvested from different electrolytes.
Among them, the sodium ion battery (SIB) is probably the most attractive system, as it offers an operational voltage and an energy density similar to LIBs.
However, it is known that full cell usually chooses disordered carbons, mainly hard carbons (HCs) as the anode due to the potential safety risks of sodium.
To corroborate the ndings from the in situ study regarding the sodium storage mechanism of the NMVTP/C cathode, ex situ XRD measurements were carried out.
Moreover, the oxidation and reduction peaks are symmetrical at different scanning rates, indicating the reversible deintercalation reaction of sodium ions.
The feasibility of graphite anode in sodium ion batteries is confirmed in conjunction with Na 1.5 V-PO 4.8 F 0.7 cathodes by using the optimal electrolyte.
Sodium-ion batteries are considered one of the perspective alternatives to lithium-ion batteries due to their affordability and plentiful supply of sodium.
Prussian Blue Analogues are of major interest for their use in alternative battery technologies due to their charge storing ability with a long life cycle.
Hard carbons are basically non-graphitizable carbons with amorphous nature 4 , whereas soft carbons can be graphitized by introducing it to heat treatment.
This clearly indicates that vanadium actively participates in the redox process during the electrochemical process and realizes the storage of sodium ions.
A sodium metal foil pressed onto aluminum current collector was used as negative electrode and a separator of borosilicate sheets (Whatman, GF/D) was used.
For the composition Na x Mn 2/3 Ni 1/3 O 2 (Figure 2b), single phase P3-type structure is obtained up to 600°C above which the P2-stacking becomes visible.
Hard carbons are emerging as the most viable anodes to support the commercialization of sodium-ion (Na-ion) batteries due to their competitive performance.
Thereinto, ClO 4 À doping plays a crucial role for further improving the electronic conductivity of PPy and provides redox-active sites for sodium storage.
The sodium-ion diffusion coefficient (D Na ) was calculated based on both anodic and cathodic peak currents at scan rates ranging from 0.1 to 0.5 mV s À1 .
When performing electrochemical measurements with hard carbon electrodes, a slight increase in irreversible capacity was observed with the FEC electrolyte.
Therefore, this study provides a benchmark for the development of robust fluorophosphate cathodes in next generation high-performance sodium-ion batteries.
The electrochemical properties such as CV, GCD, EIS, and capacity retention of the full SIB cell using the proposed electrodes are displayed in Fig. 11e-i.
S8, Fe 1-x S/MoS 2 composite almost maintains the structural integrity without obvious damage, confirming the good structural stability for sodium storage.
In contrast, hard carbon, which possesses a wider interlayer spacing (0.37-0.42 nm) and lower operating potential, is a suitable candidate for SIB anodes .
It designates that the deintercalation/intercalation of two sodium-ions located at the M 2 sites into a single formula unit of the prepared electrodes 26 .
Based on the analysis of XRD pattern, sodium manganese oxide crystals (Na0.7MnO2.05 JCPDS 27-0751) have been formed at both of the calcination temperature.
NASICON-structured Na 3 V 2 O 2x (PO 4 ) 2 F 3À2x (0 < x # 1) solid solutions have been prepared using a microwave-assisted hydrothermal (MW-HT) technique.
However, it is a great challenge to achieve fast charging and high power density for most sodium-ion electrodes because of the sluggish sodiation kinetics.
When comparing the two types of NaxTMO2: P2 and O3, researchers noticed that O3-type may exhibit more sluggish Na + diffusion kinetics than P2-type may do.
The irreversible behavior might be related to Sei layer formation. in summary, the flexible Sno 2 anode is a candidate sodium-ion batteries anode material.
All materials in A galvanostatic discharge-charge cycling test was used to investigate the effect of the guest ions of LTs on the SIB electrodes' behavior.
Moreover, a deeper understanding of the relationship between microstructural features and sodium storage behavior is crucial for rational electrode design.
Current research in sodium ion battery (SIB) technology focuses heavily on developing cathode materials with high capacity and long-term cycling stability.
Overall, these ndings show that the surface-modied KNO@F-C material is a promising option as an effective anode material for Na-ion battery applications.
Figure 21 presents the influence of N2 SSA on the initial Coulombic Efficiency (iCE), for a wide range of hard carbon materials reported in the literature.
The P2-type Na 0.6 [Ni 0.3 Ru 0.3 Mn 0.4 ]O 2 (NRM) and Na 0.7 [Ni 0.2 V Ni0.1 Ru 0.3 Mn 0.4 ]O 2 (V-NRM) compounds were produced via a solid-state process.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) offer a scalable, low-cost, and environmentally benign energy storage solution in developing high-performance renewable systems.
However, the best performing SIB cells O3-ZNMT and O3-NFM surpass LFP/graphite regarding specific energy (+4-8% Wh kg À1 ) and reach equal energy densities.
Preparation of Solid Electrolyte Na3Zr2Si2PO12 Pellets: A mold with a 10 mm diameter circle was used to produce a pellet out of the weighted NASICON sample.
Nevertheless, a poorly developed graphitic structure, with a high degree of disorder or defects (such as nitrogen doping), is beneficial for sodium storage.
Consequently, four out of the seven evaluated SIB cells exhibit a lower CF than the benchmark, while only NVPF shows a higher impact than LFP with 100% SGr.
This sensor is based on hybridization of bimetallic (Ni-Fe) Prussian blue analogue nanopolygons with polymer DPG nanocomposites (p-DPG NCs@NiFe PBA Ns/PGE).
For example, Xu et al. reported a new iron-based phosphate cathode with an intergrown heterostructure of NaFePO 4 and Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 ) phases.
We successfully tailored the co-intercalation potential of graphite anodes for Na-ion batteries with high output voltages, high energy, and power densities.
The adsorption energy of the Na-ion can be dened as: This charge distribution conrms that electrons transfer from the Na atom to the GeC and TaS 2 layers.
All ions were kept static, except for the one A ion in the fault plane (for LiCoO 2 and NaCoO 2 ), which relaxed until forces converged to within 0.2 eV/ Å.
Based on this, the assembled sodium-ion half-cell delivers a rst-cycle discharge capacity of 373.3 mAh g -1 with an initial coulombic efficiency of 81.81%.
Furthermore, the TaS 2 /GeC heterostructure achieves a low Na-ion diffusion barrier of 0.34 eV and delivers a high theoretical capacity of 406.4 mA h g -1 .
Na-ion batteries (NIBs) are promising candidates due to similar working principle as the LIBs concerning the chemical properties and intercalation features.
These regions are thought to correspond to distinct sodium storage processes, but the specic assignment of these processes is highly debated in literature.
The negative graphite electrode of this electrolyte has a very considerable capacity, and the storage voltage of sodium ions is relatively high (Figure 3a).
In Figure 6, we show the 0-K phase diagram and stability for topotactic Ca and Na insertion into the rhombohedral (R3 ̅ c) CaxNayV2(PO4)3 NaSICON structure.
Continuous side reactions between a biomass-derived hard carbon (HC) surface and the electrolyte affect its cycling stability and fast-charging performance.
This suggests that good contact was formed at the NaCBH/NASICON and NaCBH/PE interfaces and that NaCBH is an excellent electrolyte as an intermediate layer.
Currently, biomass materials such as shaddock peel, 15 corn straw, 16 etc., are generally used as raw materials in mature hard carbon preparation processes.
For NASICONs with silicate contents equal to or larger than two (per formula unit of three polyanion groups), the optimal Na content is between 3.0 and 3.4.
Here, we demonstrate a Li dual-site substituted P2-Na0.7Li0.03[Mg0.15Li0.07Mn0.75]O2 cathode material with the high-capacity and zero-strain characteristic.
This results the thermally vulnerable performances of SIBs due to the insufficient deposition of SEI film on hard carbon electrode at SIB than that of LIBs.
Sodium-containing transition metal layered oxides, Prussian blue analogues, and polyanionic compounds are the main categories of cathode materials for SIBs.
Owing to the natural abundance and low-cost of sodium, sodium-ion batteries offer advantages for nextgeneration portable electronic devices and smart grids.
Mn-Fe Prussian blue analogues are considered ideal positive electrode materials for AIBs, but they show rapid capacity decay due to Jahn-Teller distortions.
However, the NiO ions are sluggish in nature which affects on reaction kinetics and also increases the volume while sodium insertion and extraction process.
Briefly, unique dimensional gradient structure and suitable electrolyte design promote potential application of CoSe 2 @CNTs-MXene in sodium storage fields.
Sodium-ion batteries have been considered as potential candidates for stationary energy storage because of the low cost and wide availability of Na sources.
Once these issues are resolved, sodium-ion batteries will occupy a significant market share in the battery industry and become a leading force in the field.
Here, the Warburg impedance data in the low-frequency region of the Nyquist plots are utilized to analyze the chemical diffusion coefficient of sodium ions.
During the charge process, the intensities of two signals decrease progressively due to the extraction of Na + from both P2-type and Mn 4+rich environments.
Nevertheless, it implies that we should not simply adopt the recent strategies for lithium-ion battery electrode materials directly to sodium-ion chemistry.
Unlike lithium, sodium has sufficient resources to be developed, hence, sodium-ion batteries are likely to become the next generation of new energy sources.
After the absorption of Na and K atoms, the system still keep the metallic feature which is advantageous for the applications in Na-ion and K-ion batteries.
This is supported by density functional theory calculations, which predict that sodium insertion is more favourable at vacancies than at interstitial sites.
By optimization of the electrode preparation condition, we successfully enhanced the micro-Sn electrode performance for the application of Na-ion batteries.
The carbon yield is a key parameter in the precursor selection for hard carbon development in terms of cost, synthesis time, efficiency, and sustainability.
The average working potential of the cathode was ~3 V, with charge/discharge curves exhibiting similar behavior to that of NASICON NaFe 2 (PO 4 )(SO 4 ) 2 .
The low ICE of the anode is the bottleneck of high-performance SIB that demands more mass loading at the cathode and reduces the energy density of the cell.
Compared to the binary phases MoSe 2 /NC and MoO 2 /NC, the ternary phases exhibit a strong synergistic effect for improving the Na-ion storage performance.
In order to gain a deeper understanding of the sodium storage kinetics of the optimal sample BHC-Zn-41, CV tests were conducted at different scanning rates.
Aqueous Na-ion batteries will play a critical role in largescale applications because of the earth abundance and recyclability of the key battery materials.
In addition, the reaction rate synthesizing Prussian blue analogues can also be inhibited by adding chelating agents to minimize the formation of vacancies.
Among various cathode materials, Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) show great promise due to their three-dimensional open framework and easy synthesis process.
The layered arrangement of MO 2 slabs separated by sodium-ion planes facilitates efficient and reversible Na + intercalation/deintercalation during cycling.
Herein, novel uniform SnO 2 @C@ Sb 2 O 3 submicrospheres with multilayer core-shell hollow structure have been synthesized as anode of sodium-ion batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as promising candidates for large-scale energy storage systems owing to the abundant and low-cost sodium resources.
Hard carbons, due to their relatively low cost and good electrochemical performance, are considered the most promising anode materials for Na-ion batteries.
However, the study focused on only one specic cathode material and iden-tied high uncertainties related with the origin of the hard carbon anode material.
Crystal structure of P2-type Na x Ni y Mn 1-y O 2 In layered sodium transition metal oxides, transition metals are octahedrally coordinated by oxygen atoms.
This study aims to employ data-driven modelling to develop machine learning (ML) models that are capable of predicting the density of SIB cathode materials.
Each entry in the database encapsulates critical information about the chemical composition, crystal structure, and ionic conductivity of NASICON compounds.
These differences can lead to the detection of pores with carbon dioxide that remain inaccessible for nitrogen but can still be suitable for sodium storage.
The second stage is insertion-pore filling into the interlayers and nanopores of hard carbon, shown as a relatively flat region with a voltage below 1 V vs.
The chemical structure of these materials enables easy three-dimensional diffusion of sodium ions, and the battery can be charged and discharged in minutes.
The microscopic and spectroscopic methods chosen for hard carbon characterization have been tested and optimized to meet the specific needs of the material.
Common hard carbon is mostly derived from high-temperature cracking results of polymers and biomass, and the pyrolysis process of the former is more mature.
These predictions are confirmed through experimental synthesis of tetragonal Na 2.9375 PS 3.9375 Cl 0.0625 , and its demonstration in a ss-SIB architecture.
In 2022, Wang's group explored the effects of inactive Li and Zn co-doping on the performance of P2-type Na 0.7 Li 0.06 Zn 0.06 Ni 0.21 Mn 0.67 O 2 cathode.
Generally, the widely studied carbon-based anodes for SIBs can be divided into four categories: graphite, graphene, hard carbon, and soft carbon materials .
The pattern of the peaks is so typical of non-graphitic carbon materials with highly disordered nano-crystalline structure, which is a proof of hard carbon.
The hard carbon made from char that had been preheated for 7 days exhibited an 80.0% Coulombic efficiency and a specific discharge capacity of 284 mAh g -1 .
All the above results show that cubic-like Mn 2 O 3 demonstrates a possible insertion/deinsertion of Na-ion with a reasonable capacity and cycling stability.
To the best of our knowledge, the values achieved in the present work are the best result ever obtained with such low pyrolysis temperature for hard carbons.
Sodium manganese oxide as the sodium ion battery catode material has been synthesized by modifying the sol-gel method used to obtain lithium manganese oxide.
Meanwhile, the nature of electron transport, especially the transportation and diffusion of sodium ions can be predicted, thus achieving sodium conductivity.
The morphological change in these anode materials during sodiation/desodiation was explored to demonstrate the structural stability of F-HC as the SIB anode.
Hard carbon (HC) is one of the most promising anode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) due to its cost-effectiveness and low-voltage plateau capacity.
The results presented and discussed in this work represent significant advances in the search for novel electrode materials for aqueous sodium ion batteries.
To the best of our knowledge, we present the first effective model for Na insertion in the hard carbon anode, which comprises all known insertion mechanisms.
In summary, irreversible transition metal migration upon charging sodium layered oxides should be avoided to achieve an improved electrochemical performance.
In the discharging phase, the sodium ions are released from the anode and travel back through the electrolyte to the cathode, where they are re-intercalated.
It was selected on the basis of its low surface area and active sites, according to our previous study 38 , for comparison purposes with hard carbon spheres.
Another newly recognized family of NASICON-type cathode materials with 3D sodium diffusion pathways comprises the Vbased N-substituted polyanionic materials.
Furthermore, a GITT test was performed to further analyze sodium ion diffusion coefficients (D Na+ ) in 0.46-AFR-HC, 0.90-AFR-HC and 1.80-AFR-HC electrodes .
The estimated activation energy barrier for sodium-ion migration is found to be 0.76 eV, as shown in Fig. 5(f), which is consistent with values reported in .
While a 0.3 V potential difference is expected between LIB and SIB configurations, such deviation has been earlier reported for sulfate alluaudite cathodes .
Due to their high ionic conductivities, the NASICON-type materials also have been investigated as solid-state electrolytes (Li et al., 2018;Lu et al., 2018).
The ndings further unveil the primary reasons for the enhanced Na + transport kinetics observed in biomass-derived hard carbon featuring a phosphated layer.
Cathode Reaction: NaMnO2 ⇌Na1-xMnO2 Anode Reaction: C + xNa+ + xe-⇌NaxC CATL, a leading player in the new energy sector, recently organized a SIB conference.
The co-doping strategy lays the foundation for applying NASICON in solid-state batteries by concurrently enhancing ionic transport and interfacial stability.
As shown above, the NSC exhibits superior sodium storage performance, including superior cycling stability, high specific capacity, and good rate capability.
We successfully synthesized a pure NNFM as cathode material for all solid state sodium-ion batteries via a relatively cheap and easy processing route SA-SSR.
Considering the lower coulombic efficiency of hard carbon in NIBs, that is, o80% (ref. 15), a strategy to compensate for Na loss to the SEI is sorely needed.
Figure 1a shows the schematic of proposed sodium-ion batteries, and the brown, yellow and green parts represent anode, electrolyte and cathode, respectively.
Economic and resource factors are crucial when evaluating anode materials for EV batteries, particularly when contrasting lithium-ion and sodium-ion systems.
With the formation of the structure, the ion and electron transfer and the structural stability are signicantly improved during Na-ion insertion/extraction.
Nanotechnology has transformed the development of cathode materials for both lithium-ion and sodium-ion batteries, largely by enhancing their energy density.
To verify the aforementioned conjecture, we compared the changes in Na-ion content and vacant-site concentrations as mole number x increased (Fig. 2g-j, S8).
We optimize the composition of transition metal layered oxides for high energy Na-ion batteries using machine learning (ML) trained by our experimental data.
These batteries consist of an anode, a cathode, and an electrolyte, with sodium ions shuttling between the electrodes during charging and discharging cycles.
Among intermetallics of Sb, alloy heterostructures of Sb with an inactive metal, such as Cu, Ni, Fe, Zn, and so on, are often suitable for SIB anode utility.
Similar results were reported for graphite and hard carbon materials in LIBs 10 and NIBs 11 by using the N 2 adsorption method for BET surface determination.
Finally, it outlines future directions and challenges in the field, providing valuable insights for the rational design of high-performance SIB electrolytes.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIB) have emerged as a strong contender among the beyond lithium-ion chemistries due to elemental abundance and the low cost of sodium.
The predicted properties suggest that Na 2 Mg 3 Cl 8 is a promising candidate for use as a solid-state electrolyte in current or future sodium-ion batteries.
Initially, a rapid voltage drop is observed, which can be attributed to the structural relaxation and redistribution of sodium ions within the carbon matrix.
Here, we report an operando small angle neutron scattering (SANS) investigation of sodiation in a commercial hard carbon using a custom electrochemical cell.
A carbon-coated pyrosilicate, Na 2 Mn 2 Si 2 O 7 /C, was synthesized and characterized for use as a new positive-electrode material for sodium ion batteries.
Li-ion cells of Na 3.12 Co 2.44 (P 2 O 7 ) 2 delivered a reversible capacity of approximately 40 mA h g -1 (Fig. 5(a)), which is similar to its Na-ion cells.
The research of new electrode materials such as sodium intercalation compounds is key to meet the challenges of future demands of sustainable energy storage.
The pristine state can only give two sodium ions during charge, see Fig. 11(n), corresponding to two consecutive Mn 2+ /Mn 3+ /Mn 4+ redox at 3.6 and 4.1 V .
In this work, we investigated the film deposition of NaSICON material and carried out first measurements of the electrical properties of thick NaSICON films.
Similar to lithiumion (LIBs) batteries, metal oxide compounds and layered compounds have been widely investigated as anode materials in sodium-ion batteries.
Goodenough et al. reported the influence of the size, water content, and defectivity on the performance of KMnHCF as electrode material for Na-ion batteries.
In terms of cathode materials of sodium ion battery, as nanomaterial has a large surface-volume ratio, it can provide large space for sodium ions to diffuse.
As shown in Figure 3b, all the discharge/charge curves of hard carbons display two regions: a) a flat plateau below 0.1 V and b) a slope between 0.1 and 1 V.
Conversely, a substantial introduction of Li + ions typically leads to a transformation from the P2-type to a more structurally stable O3-type configuration.
To prepare the hard carbon anode electrode, hard carbon and sodium carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC) at a weight ratio of 95:5 were dispersed in deionized water.
This phenomenon was also interpreted in terms of sodium-ion depletion in the electrolyte inside the composite electrode during the sodium insertion reaction.
Engineering hard carbon electrodes as a function of the application required can provide solutions for high-power density and others for high-energy density.
It is found that the current SIB electrolytes still suffer from a narrow electrochemical stability window, poor SEI membrane stability, and low conductivity.
In summary, we have comprehensively reviewed the recent progress, key challenges and solutions of O3-type Na x Ni y Fe z Mn 1-y-z O 2 layered oxide cathodes.
The main aim of the present work is to quantitatively understand how the energetics of sodium insertion into nanopores are affected by the average pore size.
The nano-sized particles are beneficial for sodium-ion diffusion but the higher surface area leads to exacerbated interfacial reactions with the electrolyte.
Herein, free-standing nitrogen-doped graphene aerogel has been fabricated via hydrothermal reaction as the potential anode material for sodium ion batteries.
The impurity peaks match with NaMnO 2 (PDF#25-0845), as marked with triangle labels, and the origin of such impurities will be discussed in the next section.
For preparation of the electrodes, hard carbon was ground in a mortar for 10 minutes, and then a PVDF/NMP solution was added for further 30 minutes grinding.
These properties make the VS 2 /Gr composite a highly promising candidate for energy storage applications, particularly for lithium-and sodium-ion batteries.
These results reveal the inuence of structural and compositional changes of molybdenum disulde on the storage electrodes of long-life sodium ion batteries.
Importantly, an abnormal capacity increase phenomenon was observed in the MoS 2 anode of sodium-ion batteries, but the mechanisms involved are still unclear.
In addition, the main sodium storage capacity of these soft carbons is concentrated above 0.2 V, thus effectively avoiding the formation of sodium dendrites.
The government has also introduced a series of policies to support sodium-ion battery development, with continuous breakthroughs in research and development.
Combining its high rate capability and long cycle life, NCFT could be a very promising cathode material for room temperature high power sodium-ion batteries.
In order to achieve the full potential of Sn anodes in Na-ion cells, the development of a dense, thick, and interconnected coral-like structure is essential.
These heterostructures leverage the distinct properties of each 2D material, leading to improved sodium storage capabilities and better structural stability.
The hydrometallurgical facility that is currently used in lithium batteries is not suitable for the low-value containing batteries like sodium-ion batteries.
The coulombic efficiencies of all three samples approach 100% after 20 cycles of activation, suggesting that the hard carbon in the three samples is similar.
Prussian blue and analogues (PBAs) are open framework structures formed by metal-cyanide coordination bonds and have enough space to accommodate sodium ions.
For that, a 2 × 2 × 1 supercell of SnC/G was chosen for Li/Na-ion adsorption, with three atomic sites (H, B, and T) considered after achieving full symmetry.
Unfortunately, the pure SHC electrodes show low ICE at the same current density, similar to previous reports about hard carbon material (Zhang et al., 2015).
This diffuse scattering peak cannot be indexed using the conventional P3-type structure, and it is caused by the in ab-plane Mg 2+ /Mn 4+ honeycomb ordering.
This study is devoted to exploring technical and theoretical issues of lignin derived hard carbon, particularly the feasibility of its industrial production.
Electrolyte-free electrodes were prepared with NaFeCl 4 , and the charge-discharge characteristics of the allsolid-state sodium-ion batteries were evaluated.
Komaba et al. reported that the D pore value of the same hard carbon as HC-1 was ³1.4 nm, 14 which is consistent with the data obtained in the present study.
The results obtained shed new light on the reaction mechanism of P2-type layered oxides, providing insight into some of the causes for their capacity fading.
In this study, electrochemically deposited NaIn[Fe(CN) 6 ] thin films demonstrated a promising performance as cathode materials for aqueous Na-ion batteries.
The major difference with the lithium cells is more pronounced cracking in the electrode, possibly due to a larger expansion of the lm upon sodium insertion.
This phenomenon can also be observed in P3-type Na 0.67 Mg 0.2 Mn 0.8 O 2 , which exhibits a short plateau at ~4.2 V but also decays in subsequent cycles 37 .
First, the lower migration energy barriers of Na + near Fe suggest that Fe ions influence adjacent sodium ion diffusion, thereby enhancing ionic conductivity.
Eventually, we deem that this work provides important insight for developing efficient and sustainable materials for the future of sodium-ion battery systems.
The diameter of the pores is in nanometre range except SHC, which is evidently non-porous hard carbon sample. n 2 adsorption and desorption isotherm analysis.
Aqueous sodium-ion batteries are practically promising for large-scale energy storage, however energy density and lifespan are limited by water decomposition.
In the later, c The distribution of α and β of main reported multiphase-type Na-ion layered oxides, with corresponding values listed in Supplementary Table 2.
The Ea of HE-K-PBA (54.4 kJ mol -1 ) is lower than that of Mn-K-PBA (62.5 kJ mol -1 ), further demonstrating superior kinetics of HE-K-PBA for sodium storage.
Owing to the different particle sizes of graphite and spherical hard carbon, the hybrid powder system is able to construct varied porous electrode structures.
Although most of the carbon atoms in hard carbon exist in the form of six-membered carbon rings, several pentagonal or heptagonal defect sites are discovered.
The resulting N/P-doped thin-walled (∼600 nm) hard carbon features extended graphitic domains coupled with expanded interlayer spacings and rich closed pores.
In detail, hard carbon had a plateau capacity of 170 mA h g -1 , while the anthracite samples showed a short plateau with capacities lower than 50 mA h g -1 .
A typical sodium-ion-conducting solid electrolyte is ¢BB-alumina (Na 2 O•xAl 2 O 3 ). 10 This electrolyte is used for sodium-sulfur batteries (NAS batteries).
This comparison strongly suggests that the loss of slope capacity is the main factor responsible for the poor rate performance in biomassderived hard carbons.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are potential low-cost alternatives to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) because of the much greater natural abundance of sodium salts.
Considering the thermodynamic and kinetic properties of varying functional groups, we identied the best method to design promising candidates for SIB anodes.
The hard carbon anode should have the characteristics of low cost, high specific capacity, high multiplicity, high first efficiency, and long cycle stability.
Compared with other oxides and sulfides, iron-based phosphide materials have a lower charging/ discharging potential, making them more suitable as SIB anodes.
To achieve extraordinary performance, SIB cathode materials are the critical point to improve the SIB specific energy and promote their practical application.
The full-cell anode was made using hard carbon as the active material, Super P as the electronic conductor, and PVDF as the binder in an 8 : 1 : 1 mass ratio.
In conclusion, we have demonstrated that polydopamine can be utilized as a high-performance organic cathode material for rechargeable Li-and Na-ion batteries.
However, as pointed out by Zhang et al. , since hard carbons are disordered materials, diffraction peaks are broad and a shift is difficult to assess clearly.
The O3-type NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 (NFM111) electrodes examined in this study are from the cell analysis, modeling and prototyping (CAMP) facility at ANL.
As an unprecedented anode material for sodium-ion batteries, such hollow mesoporous bio-derivative nanospheres exhibit remarkable electrochemical performance.
Finally, we discuss the interrelationship between EPR spectroscopy data of the hard carbon samples studied and their corresponding charging storage mechanism.
The NASICON solid-type electrolyte's high conductivity value has the potential to replace liquid-based electrolytes, lowering the risk of a battery explosion.
Prussian blue analogue-functionalized magnetic microgels were then synthesized via a ligand exchange reaction between 4-VP and sodium pentacyanoaminoferroate.
When the two types of groups are summed (i.e., CO+CO2), the COx groups can be obtained to provide a global view of the O-based functionalities of hard carbon.
In contrast, the capacity drops by 30% in Na-ion cells because of the lack of a Na reservoir to compensate for the missing 0.33 Na þ in the pristine P2 phase.
To further demonstrate the cycling stability of the assembled sodium-ion capacitors, long cycle tests were carried out at high current density of 1.0 A g -1 .
Graphite, along with other carbon-based materials, remains a popular choice as an anode material due to its ability to host sodium ions through intercalation.
Note that the NASICON ceramics are stable up to 700 ℃, and epoxy polymers are stable up to 400 ℃ after curing, as confirmed by a TGA experiment (Figure 5(a)).
Prussian blue analogs are attractive cathodes for sodium-ion batteries due to their open channel-like structure, compositional and electrochemical tenability.
Nowadays, Na2MnO3 has been selected for its suitable capacities, better safety, without any toxic and especially inexpensive as materials compared to NaCoO2 .
This work is based on a simple synthesis route of biomass derived hard carbon and to exploring the possibility of using it as electrochemical supercapacitors.
It may be that some changes in the hard carbon material are experienced during and aer the rst galvanostatic cycle resulting from the SEI formation process.
GCPL curves reveal a well-dened plateau at low potential, characteristic of intercalation, where sodium ions penetrate the interstices between carbon layers.
A recent study has illustrated the effect of temperature on the interphase properties of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 |hard carbon (NVPF|HC) batteries [Figure 8A] .
In contrast to the intrinsic microporosity of AC, most hard carbon precursors require deliberate pore-structure design to optimize sodium storage performance.
The dataset we have constructed provides valuable insights into the characteristics of sodium layered cathode materials, aiding future research in this field.
The Li containing NASICON type materials Li 0.4 Sr 0.3 Ti 2-x Zr x (PO 4 ) 3 (x = 0.0, 0.5, 2.0) were successfully prepared using solid state reaction method.
By bridging experimental observations with advanced modeling techniques, this work advances the understanding of SIB safety under mechanical abuse conditions.
However, hard carbon often suffers from a poor rate capability and a fast capacity fading, which restricts its applications for high-power and long-life SIBs.
This communication clearly indicates that ZMO/NG composite anode could be recommended as an alternative and potential anode material for sodium ion batteries.
Na-ion conducting properties of the materials were studied by dielectric-impedance and the results were discussed and compared with previous reported studies.
In current studies, the chemical instability of the sodium metal|NASICON interface has been reported, as NASICON is thermodynamically unstable against sodium.
Stationary sodium-ion batteries are the most obvious market for NASICON and can potentially exploit the global abundance of sodium when compared with lithium.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), as an alternative for LIBs, have attracted much attention recently, due to the low cost and earth abundance of sodium resources .
Gocheva et al. reported the electrochemical performance of several sodium metal uorides (NaMF 3 where M ¼ Ni, Mn, Fe) prepared via mechanochemical synthesis.
Thus, our study offers an extensive overview of the structure and performance nuances of hard carbon anodes derived from cellulose, hemicellulose, and lignin.
Also, Na 3 PO 4 generated by the discharge reaction, as an ionic conductor, may reduce the diffusion barrier of sodium ions and promote the reaction kinetics.
On the other hand, the intensity of the main peak lines of NASICON phase has been considerably declined contrary to the increased crystallization temperature.
Sodium-ion batteries have enabled the use of both new structure (prismatic, or P-type) and new redox couples that are not accessible in lithium-ion batteries.
As outlined in this manuscript, the sustainable design of the cathode materials is crucial for feasibility studies of next generation of sodium ion batteries.
In framework conductors like these NASICON materials, we consider ΔH gap to represent the difference in the depths of the energy wells at the M1 and M2 sites.
This study opens a new avenue for designing high-performance carbon for high-rate sodium-ion batteries and confers the extension to other secondary batteries.
It showed a high sodium storage capacity of 210 mAh g -1 at 0.5 A g -1 over 700 cycles and sustained a capacity of 161 mAh g -1 at 1 A g -1 over 1,000 cycles.
That sharing of corners between the octahedrons and the tetrahedrons forms cavities via which the transport of sodium ions through the structure is conducted.
Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP), a prevalent cathode candidate and one of the most stable Na-ion host materials, still exhibits capacity losses in prolonged cycling.
In this regard, many optimizations in electrolyte, binder, structural, and surface engineering are necessary to cope with challenges alloying SIB anodes face.
These studies indicate that S exhibits high activity with a reversible electrochemical reaction for Na-ion storage when it is doped in carbonaceous materials.
Their results indicated that, if hard carbon is considered, a high specific surface is not a critical factor in obtaining high capacity and rate capabilities.
Nanotechnology holds particular promise for lithium-ion and sodium-ion battery technologies, which are leading contenders to power the next generation of EVs.
Although many silicate NASICONs containing metals with 5+ oxidation state were predicted to be synthesizable, they tended to form NaM 5+ O 3 competing phases.
Sodium-ion batteries are regarded as a more environmentally sustainable option compared to lithium-ion batteries and also gain advantages from nanotechnology.
The correlated migration of two sodium ions was calculated in the cubic cell for Na 1+x M 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 (M = Zr 4+ , Hf 4+ , Sn 4+ ) with x = 0 and x = 3.
Although alloying anodes have potential use in nextgeneration SIB anodes, their limitations of low capacities and colossal volume expansions must be resolved.
The Na + transport properties in NaSICONs were exhaustively investigated in Na 1+x+y Sc y Zr 2-y Si x P 3-x O 12 (0 # x # 3; 0 # y # 2) using FFMD simulations.
Figure 3 captures the main result of this communication -significant enhancement in reversibility of Na-ion storage by combining Sb NCs, ''bulk'' P and Cu NWs.
Both the XRD and EDX results show that the NaCoPO 4 nanomaterial was successfully synthesized via a low-temperature ionothermal method (Shiprath et al., 2020).
According to a recent research survey, sodium vanadium fluorophosphate (NVPF) compounds have been emphasized for use as a high-voltage Na-ion cathode material.
In this study, a Ti-doping strategy is proposed to suppress the Jahn-Teller distortion and the related P2-P2' transition in Na2/3Fe1/3Mn2/3O2 cathode material.
The diffusion barrier of the path 1 is 0.027 eV and 0.127 eV for Na-ion and K-ion batteries, respectively, which is the lowest of three possible circumstances.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted more and more attention during the past decade due to the abundant reserves and low price of sodium-related sources.
Sodium ion batteries (SIBs) with low cost and high efficiency seem to be the ideal alternative to LIBs, especially for grid-scale energy storage applications .
In summary, a DAP-mediated oxidative etching strategy was proposed to resolve the trade-off between closed-pore engineering and graphitization in hard carbons.
Overall, this systematic report aims to highlight the potential of NASICON type NaFe 1.6 V 0.4 (PO 4 )(SO 4 ) 2 as a cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
Positions and intensities of the diffraction peaks of the three samples are consistent with the NASICON-type structure with the Rc space group (ICDD #33-1296).
In the effort to remove multiple plateaus and improve the average voltage and capacity, P2-type layered oxides have evolved to binary and multiple TM systems .
The open-circuit voltage (OCV) of the system remains within the optimal range for anode materials, further supporting its suitability for sodium-ion batteries.
However, the exploration of novel 2D materials and structures for high-performance sodium-ion batteries (Na-ion batteries) remains a critical area of research.
For preparing hard carbon directly from sucrose powder, dehydration step is critical because it can improve the yield and simplify the sample handling process.
It can be observed that the diffusion coefficient of sodium ion of MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC electrode is considerably much higher than that of MoO 2.5 / NC electrode.
The porosity of the structure facilitated sodium ion diffusion, and the carbon-ber layer enhanced electrical conductivity and maintained structural integrity.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have garnered significant interest in recent years due to the natural abundance, low cost, and environmental advantages of sodium .
We believe that this method may provide a new path to optimize the performance of hard carbon anodes with suitable level heteroatom doping. discussed the data.
For high-quality hard carbon products, lignin has to be further extracted and purified from black liquor by means of acidification reaction or electrodialysis.
The NaFe 2-x V x (PO 4 )(SO 4 ) 2 (0 < x ≤ 1) compounds crystallized with the NASICON structure with cell parameters very similar to those of NaMgFe(SO 4 ) 3 .
In specific, an inert atmosphere leads to impurities with lower-than-target Mn valence while highly oxidizing conditions favor the formation of P3-type phases.
Here, representative progress for Ni/Fe/Mn based O3-type cathode materials have been summarized, and existing problems, challenges and solutions are presented.
Assessing the role of morphological changes as the origin of improved cycling stability of Sn-based anodes for sodium-ion batteries † Carla Albenga, a James A.
In addition, the interlayer spacing of the O3-type layered structure near the interface (0.532 nm) is slightly smaller than that in the core region (0.535 nm).
Indeed, the outermost surface layer of the Na metal is mainly based on NaCO 3 R, as confirmed by the C 1s, O 1s, Na 1s, and Na 2s photoelectron lines (Fig. 5).
For sodium symmetric cells, 80 mg of Na 4 (CB 11 H 12 ) 2 (B 12 H 12 ) was pressed at 250 MPa and sodium metal foils were attached on both sides of the pellet.
The composition of Na0.83Ni0.40Ti0.60O2 is confirmed by Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Sepectrometry (ICP-MS), which is closely matching the designed product.
The two main groups of sodium layered oxides are classied based upon the sodium co-ordination environment, P-type (trigonal prismatic) or O-type (octahedral).
The reported activation energies of bulk materials in the literature are roughly 100-200 meV smaller than the E a values of the NaSICON films produced via PAD.
For example, O3 and P3 phases typically form at lower temperatures than P2-type phases. 16 The phase has important implications on electrochemical performance.
Currently, the SIB cathode materials can be divided into three categories: transition metal oxides , Prussian blue analogs , and polyanionic compounds (PACs) .
This research investigates the electrochemical performance of bio-waste-derived hard carbons, which is significantly impacted by various pre-treatment methods.
O3-type Na x MnO 2 powders with x = 1.0, 1.1,…2 were synthesized using Na 2 CO 3 (anhydrous, ≥ 99.5%, Sigma Aldrich) and Mn 2 O 3 (99%, Sigma Aldrich) powders.
On the other hand, in the case of sodium insertion, '-V 2 O 5 exhibits one single reduction step with a plateau extending up to ~1 Na + per mole of oxide 16 .
This study reveals the important role of vacancies in P3-type sodium layered oxides to increase energy density using both cationic and anionic redox processes.
Therefore, continuous technological innovation and material optimization are expected to further enhance the sodium storage performance of SIB anode materials.
The intercalation energy of HSPB is consistently lower than that of MSPB and LSPB, indicating stronger sodium-ion interactions in HSPB (Supplementary Fig. 26).
All the peaks were indexed based on the rhombohedral NASICON R-3c structure except for LTaAP samples with minor peaks marked by circle at 2θ = 27.6 and 32.1 °.
This study provides insights into the construction of stable layered oxide positive electrode with highly reversible anionic redox reaction for sodium storage.
This suggests that the observed impedance rise could be because of a different electrochemical process that does not restrict the sodium-ion diffusion in bulk.
The conductivity value increases with increasing temperature and at 200 °C, a value of 7 9 10 -5 S cm -1 was found for NaSICON electrolyte PAD films (Fig. 6b).
O3-type NaMnO 2 has an orthorhombic (Pmmn symmetry) called beta (β) phase and monoclinic (C2m symmetry) phase called the alpha (α) phase with ABCABC stacking .
Thus, it has been demonstrated that the different types of calorimeters pave the way for mature and safe sodium-ion batteries and other post-lithium batteries.
In recent years, hard carbon has grown to be the most widely used anode for SIBs due to its ideal sodium storage platform (~0.1 V) and high specific capacity .
In this study, an operando SANS experiment was conducted using a custom-built Na-ion half cell to elucidate the mechanisms of sodiation of HC during discharge.
The resistance marginally increased to 2.5 Ω by the experiment's conclusion and was most likely due to complete conversion to NaSn or slight NaSICON reduction.
Finally, Oh et al. have reported on the thermal decomposition of NaBH 4 to pre-sodiate the hard carbon anodes and reduce the initial irreversible capacity 15 .
Developing efficient anode materials with a good electrochemical performance has been a key scientific issue in the development of sodium ion batteries (SIBs).
Identifying the hard carbon's first sodiation capacity and the reversible capacity provides preliminary insights to establish an adequately balanced full cell.
The XRD patterns of the cycled samples and pristine are almost identical, indicating that the P2-type structure can be well maintained after extensive cycling.
The capacitive retention was ∼88% aer 100 cycles, demonstrating a good rate capability and cycling stability during the insertion and de-insertion of Na-ions.
Due to the coin cell's intrinsic high resistance, high current rates would lead to a high polarization and undervaluation of the hard carbon specific capacity.
Rhombohedral Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP), is a typical sodium super ionic conductor (NASICON) type material having prominent usage as a cathode material for SIBs.
Sodium ion batteries are a promising energy storage technology for large-scale grid storage applications where cost and resource constraints are main concerns.
N doping could introduce more defective sites, which boost the sodium storage performance. 31 The CV test of CoS 2 @GC@B-CNT was conducted at 0.2 mV s À1 (Fig.
Therefore, we consider that the Na 3 PS 4 separator layer was reduced and decomposed by the hard carbon active material rather than inside the electrode layer.
In terms of operating temperature range and safety, sodium-ion battery operating temperature range is large compared to lithium battery, usually at -40 ℃-80 ℃.
Sodium cells were assembled using a 1 M solution of NaPF 6 (Sigma, 98%) in diglyme (Sigma, 99.5%) as an electrolyte with sodium metal as the counter electrode.
Despite these structural issues, the P2-types have shown greater power performance than the O3-type analogues because of the wide diffusion paths for Na ions .
The rich yet relatively unexplored chemistry of Na-ion based electrodes has therefore received renewed interest from the battery community in recent years 2-4.
It is well known that the storage capacity and open-circuit voltage of lithium-ion or sodium-ion batteries are crucial indicators to measure their performance.
The compositional range for optimization was limited in a quaternary phase diagram with end members of NaMnO 2 , NaMnNiO 2 , NaFeO 2 , and NaNiTiO 2 (Fig. 1c).
One of the most well-known advantages of SIB is the use of aluminum as the anode current collector, as aluminum is more cost-effective and lighter than copper.
But in this case, the discharge curve does not have features identical to the charging curve and the third sodium ion is inserted at very low voltage of 1.6 V.
In this section, we studied the library of 326 purchasable molecules in order to determine the most promising quinone-based molecules as SIB cathode materials.
The sodium ion batteries development started in the year of 1970 as sodium cobalt oxide, in 1983 sodium titanium phosphate and in 1986 sodium molybdenum oxide.
The phenazine-sodium (PNZ-Na) reagent was prepared by adding equal stoichiometric sodium metal and phenazine in DME and stirring for four hours in a glove box.
Among Prussian blue analogues, manganese hexacyanoferrate is desirable because of its high working voltage, as well as its high specific capacity and low cost.
It therefore seems that controlling the microporosity of hard carbons suitable for Na + ion storage could be a way of tailoring their electrochemical response.
The dried black powder was carbonized in a tube furnace for 2 hours in an argon atmosphere at 1300 °C to obtain a series of coal-derived hard carbon materials.
The C]O can promote reversible sodium ion adsorption capacity, which is benecial for improving the sodium storage capacity of coal-derived hard carbon anodes.
As the discharge continued, the peak strength associated with Sb gradually weakened, indicating an alloying reaction mechanism at the time of sodium insertion.
Especially the use of nanostructured carbonbased anodes such as hard carbon, offers higher capacity and longer cycle life than conventional sodium-ion anodes .
This review attempts to provide a comprehensive view of how the synthesis conditions affect hard carbon properties and the electrochemical performance in SIBs.
The first-ever study of nickel selenide materials as efficient anode materials for Na-ion rechargeable batteries is conducted using the electrospinning process.
Faradion batteries utilized O3/ P2-type Na a Ni 1-x-y -z Mn x Mg y Ti z O 2 layered oxides (130 mAh g -1 ) as the cathode and hard carbon anode (230 mAh g -1 ).
Liu et al. have recently validated yolk-void-shell assembled antimony-graphdiyne (Sb@Void@GDY) nanocuboid structures for classical performance of an SIB anode .
Due to the merits of abundant resources and low cost, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted extensive attention in the field of large-scale energy storage.
Based on the conclusion from the above theoretical calculations, we predicted that NASICON-type solid electrolyte would be a good conductor for proton transfer.
The excellent efficiency of Na 3 Fe 0.8 V 1.2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C can be ascribed to its elevated Na+ conductivity and reduced energy barrier for sodium-ion diffusion.
These findings open a path for the manipulation of active material particle sizes and electrolyte additives for better sodium storage performance in the future.
Hence, the observed high rate performance of the hard carbon half cell with 0.5 M NaBPh 4 /DME did arise from low R ct at the hard carbon/electrolyte interface.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered highly promising large-scale energy storage equipment because of the abundance and low cost of sodium resources 1,2 .
The SoftBV utilizes the bond valence method to calculate the energy landscape and generate iso-surfaces corresponding to possible sodium-ion migration pathways.
As stated earlier, the sodium storage mechanism in hard carbons is typically dominated by adsorption in the slope region and pore-filling in the plateau region.
The mass ratio of Na x H 2-x Ti 2 O 5 ||NaMnO 2 •0.1H 2 O was set to be 3:1 for the full cell to attain matched capacities for positive and negative electrodes.
Finally, we have reported that the NVPF, NVPF 2 O and NVPFO 2 synthesized by the novel route can serve as stable high voltage cathodes for sodium ion batteries.
Then, the half-cells were built under an argon atmosphere in a glove box, in a two-electrode system with pure sodium metal as a counter and reference electrode.
Meanwhile, research on SEI formation in Na-ion batteries began at the beginning of the previous decade, concurrent with intensive research on hard carbons 295 .
Accurately predicting the state of health for sodium-ion batteries is crucial for managing battery modules, playing a vital role in ensuring operational safety.
In this work, we present a facile solution to improve the electrochemical performance of hard carbon by an in-suit catalytic graphitization and N-doping method.
Here, we reveal the origin of the limited electrochemical perfor mance of Na 2 C 6 O 6 and provide an effective path to achieve revers ible four-sodium storage.
The inserted sodium-ion confined in the nanopores were revealed by small and wide-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS and WAXS), accounting for the increased capacity.
To further clarify the detailed structure of the closed pores in hard carbon, SAXS tests and real density tests based on Archimedes' principle were carried out.
It is due to high resistivity resulting from intrinsic semiconductor characteristic for α-NaMnO 2 , which is also evidenced from first principles computations .
Despite the modest capacity values the material delivers, it is an interesting model substance to study the hard carbon sodiation mechanism for several reasons.
Cyclic voltammetry analysis showed that the sodium storage behavior of the CrGO electrode was predominantly capacitive controlled with rapid diffusion kinetics.
Meanwhile, the moderately rough pore walls provide more accessible and efficient sodium storage sites, consequently leading to a synergistic enhancement in ICE.
Therefore, our study reveals that the inherent kinetics of Na + insertion into HC are very high and provides a basis for developing high-power Na-ion batteries.
The reason to choose P2-type NLMO is because introduction of Li into the transitionmetal layer can increase the Na content and thus enhance its capacity 32,41 .
This practical demonstration, combined with the benign cost structure of PBAs, positions PbHCF/CNTs as a viable cathode candidate for scalable SIB technologies.
Huang et al. have presented an optimized SIB anode composed of SnO 2 @SnS 2 heterostructured QDs (HQDs) evenly embedded on N-doped graphene (SnO 2 @SnS 2 @NG) .
Regarding lateral size (L a ), commercial hard carbon had the largest value of 54.5 A, while the three heat-treated samples displayed values around 43.0-44.9 A.
The charge/discharge profile and cyclability of the NMHCF// 17 m NaClO 4 aq.//NTP aqueous sodium-ion battery are shown in Fig. 6(a) and its inset, respectively.
Lastly, besides the Na-ions stored in the bulk phase of MoSe 2 , some Na-ions may be stored in the pores or interstices of the ternary phases MoSe 2 /MoO 2 /NC.
As shown in Fig. 4b, the SPC-180 electrode not only has excellent sodium storage performance at room temperature, but also better rate performance than SPC-120.
Both NaCrO 2 cathodes in this study and NaFePO 4 cathodes in the previous study were cycled at the same rate and same electrolyte solution (NaClO 4 in EC: DMC).
Among them, carbon-based materials are the most potential anode materials for the commercial application of sodium-ion batteries due to their low potential (vs.
The ssNMR data provide direct evidence for fewer oxygen layer shearing events, leading to a stabilized P2 phase, and an enhanced Na-ion mobility up to 3.8 V vs.
The hard carbon/sodium half-cell also demonstrates the stable cycle performance with improved Coulombic efficiency with LiPF 6 introduction with 0.01-1.5 V (vs.
Therefore, sodium ion batteries (SIBs) have become the main promising substitutes for LIBs in large-scale production because of their abundant and cheap salts .
Limitations in the low-temperature functionality of present SIB electrolytes arise from shortcomings in their bulk material properties and interfacial behavior.
The changes in the interface layers on the hard carbon (HC) anode in an NIB full-cell configuration (transition metal oxide NaMO 2 as cathode) are investigated.
In addition, since NASICON crystal conductivity is anisotropic, the widely reported grain conductivity is, at best, the average of a randomly oriented ensemble.
We found that sodium ions are the most suitable guest ions for attaining the highest SIB electrochemical performance of LTs among the various alkali-metal ions.
Jiang's group reported a structural design to achieve a durable sodium anode consisting of a TiO 2 -mediated CuO (denoted as R-CuO) nanowire array on Cu foams .
Although our work here focused on the CaxNayV2(PO4)3 NaSICON system, this dual cation concept could be extended to aid the design of other multivalent cathodes.
Ji et al. found that lower total pore volumes (determined by N 2 sorption) gave rise to increased reversible sodium storage capacities for sucrose-derived HCs .
The sulphonate-based EC: PC electrolytes (e.g., NaFSI) generate the least heat for side reactions with the hard carbon cathode and easily form stable SEI films.
Unlike the case of using other dopants, e.g., La 3+ , the formation of a Na x Mg y PO 4 secondary phase did not provide a positive effect on σ b of the NASICON.
In this regard, research on the relationship between hard carbon structures and lignocellulose structure is important for developing HCs with high performances.
As a result, the superior sodium storage properties of 0.46-AFR-HC in half/full cells illustrate that it is a promising carbon material and can be used in SIBs.
The concentrations appear as sporadic columns, and suggest that sodium metal has grown uncontrollably, forming metal filaments that have penetrated the NASICON.
The results allow to consider algae as an environmentally benign and sustainable high added-value material for the production of HC anodes for Na-ion batteries.
S9,ESI †) indicate that different defect types influence the energetics of sodium storage differently, both at the defect site and at sites adjoining the defect.
The NASICON-type solid electrolyte LiTi₂(PO₄)₃ has excellent electrochemical stability but limited ionic conductivity, largely governed by lithium-ion diffusion.
The superior effects of the plasma treatment on the rate performance may provide new insights for developing better materials for practical sodium-ion batteries.
The coin-type cell (CR2032) was assembled in an argon-lled glove box (MBRAUN Unilab) with sodium metal as the counter electrode and glass bre as the separator.
We have demonstrated that g-Fe 2 O 3 nanoparticles, synthesized by a green and facile coprecipitation method, are a suitable anode material for Na-ion batteries.
The Terephthalic acid (H 2 TP) is an universal organic acid for lithium ion, sodium ion and potassium ion half cells batteries with different average capacities.
The full cell performances using these PBAs as positive electrode materials with presodiation of hard carbon as negative electrode material are presented in Fig.
These findings evidence that the proposed g-Fe 2 O 3 /rGO composite is a very promising, sustainable, and reliable candidate anode material for Na-ion batteries.
In the present study, we investigate the Na-extraction reaction for a Na-inserted LTO electrode during electrochemical SIB cycling by using XRD characterization.
Finally, we applied electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) for the cells with pristine and Na-inserted LTO electrodes so as to clarify the Na-ion behavior.
These SIB cells are then compared with their LIB counterparts, taking as reference two common LIB chemistries, LiNMC 622 (in the following named LiNMC) and LiFP.
S3 and Table S1 in the SI). 13 Interestingly, distinct sodium storage behaviors are permitted since sulfides feature differing phase structures and morphologies.
The lattice parameters of the P3-type phases obtained after calcination at different temperatures have been refined and their evolution is presented in Figure 2.
However, the incongruent melting point T mp of the composition Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 used to produce NaSICON PAD films in this study, was reported to be 1300 °C .
Recently, the Hu Group reported an O3-type oxide with low sodium content, Na 0.66 Mg 0.34 Ti 0.66 O 2 , as an anode for sodiumion batteries (Zhao et al., 2018a).
Intermetallic compounds such as NaGe, 24 Na 15 Sn 4 , 25 Na 15 Pb 4 , 26 Na 3 P, 27 and Na 3 Sb 28 are obtained which can realize a high sodium storage capacity.
Crystal structure of P3-type Na 2/3 Mg 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 Phase pure P3-type Na 2/3 Mg 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 was for the first time synthesized from a solid-state reaction.
The Mn holds a very important role in NASICON structure, and to explain that, we need to look into the electronic configuration of the Mn 2+ /Mn 3+ /Mn 4+ ions .
For example, in energy storage applications, such as sodium-ion batteries, PBAs are key candidates in terms of cost, environmental friendliness, and performance.
In addition, we investigated the operation and deterioration mechanism of NMHCF//NTP aqueous SIB by tracing pH, electrode elution, precipitation in electrolytes.
Sharp drops are observed at simple fractional values of x that correspond to Na-ion superstructures, and these structures are shown for x = 1/2, 5/9 and 5/7 24 .
For ex-situ XPS for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2, CR2325 coin cells were assembled as described above except that Solupor membranes replaced the glass fiber separator.
The currently emerging sodium-ion battery technology is in need of an optimized standard organic solvent electrolyte based on solid and directly comparable data.
Similar assemblies with commercial HC anodes and commercially available Al-C anode collectors were used for Na-ion full cells and anode-free cells, respectively.
To our knowledge, this is the first time that cycling at a rate as high as C/10 has been demonstrated in a full ss-SIB with a Na metal anode at room temperature.
In the temperature ranges of 250-450 °C, Mn oxidation occurs in the bulk of the particles due to concurrent precursor dehydration/oxidation and sodium insertion.
To determine the cycling limits of sodium-ion battery models with different cathodes, these cathode materials were preliminarily tested in three-electrode cells.
Therefore, it takes a long time for the electrolyte to be fully filled in nanopores, which significantly affects the interfacial impedance of hard carbon anodes.
Recall in the SnNaSICONSn-500 cell that near this level of capacity, the Na reservoir was depleted sufficiently to affect the overpotential response in the cell.
The results reveal that 9% and 5% of discharge capacity originate from only the oxygen redox for Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2, respectively.
Based on the above considerations, the possible reaction mechanisms of the MnF 2 and Mn-O-F anodes for both Li-ion and Na-ion storage can be expressed as eqn - .
In recent years, transition metal sulfide anodes have attracted considerable attention, as they are expected to facilitate fast-charging of sodium-ion batteries.
Note that since the maximum temperature of SIB in the ISC process in this study is only 35 °C, the thermal runaway of the cell is not considered in the modeling.
In summary, an integrated polyanion-layered oxide cathode embedded in a porous carbon framework was designed and optimized to enhance Na-ion storage performance.
Edge defects can also be present in hard carbon, considering that the graphene layer is terminated by edge atoms that are free or passivated with hydrogen atoms.
Phosphorus (P), tin (Sn), and antimony (Sb), types of sodium storage elements, have theoretical capacities as high as 2596, 847, and 660 mAh g ¹1 , respectively.
The Center for Strain Optimization for Renewable Energy (STORE) was established to address these challenges and develop new electrode materials for Na-ion cells.
The cells were de-crimped inside the glovebox after 480 cycles, and the images of Celgard separator and the hard carbon negative electrodes are presented in Fig.
This hollow structure can accommodate the volume change during the Na-ion insertion/extraction process and also shorten the diffusion path of Na + and electrons.
This study develops a novel P2-type Na 0.73 Fe 0.2 Mn 0.52 Co 0.2 -Mg 0.05 Li 0.03 O 2 (P2-NFMO-CoMgLi) cathode demonstrating coupled cationic and anionic redox.
The Na/Cl-DC condition in Na 2 ZrCl 6 reduces the Na-ion content in the Cl sublattices while increasing the vacancy concentrations (both Na and Cl vacant sites).
Other approaches include presodiation and intermetallic formulations with potential to uplift the capacity of Sn anodes in SIBs . commonly exploited SIB anodes .
Co-intercalation reactions make graphite as promising anodes for sodium ion batteries, however, the high redox potentials significantly lower the energy density.
The coulombic efficiency in the first cycle is very important for the application of Na-ion batteries, which is also the main barrier for the anode material 40 .
All the evidence demonstrates that borophene is a promising candidate with high capacity and high rate capability for the anode material in sodium-ion batteries.
The presence of oxygen contents (C = O functional groups) on the RGO surface could be responsible and act as a redox center for sodium storage at high potential.
The carbon-coated structure can greatly improve the electronic conductivity, reduce the resistance of interface, and enhance the diffusion ability of sodium ion.
Exsitu XRD patterns further provided evidence of the high reversibility of the NASICON structure of the NVAP2 material during the charge and discharge processes.
As one of the most acceptable electrodes, the NASICON-structured Na 3 TM 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (TM, transition metals such as V and Ti), has been extensively investigated.
With hard carbon anodes, the voltage-charge curves generally exhibit a characteristic lowpotential plateau, which can account for as much as 50% of the capacity.
It is reasonable that the energy barriers for sodium insertion into the TiO 2 -B host are higher than that of lithiation, considering the bigger radius of Na þ .
The peat moss derived carbon previously used in SIB application has demonstrated capacities up to 275 mA h g À1 , with a plateau of 180 mA h g À1 below 0.2 V vs.
This, coupled with the need to account for ionic conductivity, motivates the creation of the "polyanion sodium cathode materials dataset" presented in this work.
Development of materials with higher ionic conductivity, particularly for cathode materials 23 , is necessary to improve the performance of sodium-ion batteries.
A carbon ring with a diameter of 4 Å is modeled as a hard carbon pore entrance to simulate the diffusion resistance of different solvation structures through it.
This is true to a certain degree for the polyanionic SIB CAM alternatives, where for all methods, the vanadium-containing CAM have the highest potential impacts.
In addition, poor air stability also limits the commercialization of O3-type cathode materials, which will increase production, transportation and storage costs.
The open-circuit voltage of the metallic TaS 2 /GeC remains within the optimal range for anode materials, further conrming its suitability for Na-ion batteries.
Strategies for improving the capacity of hard carbons and revealing the pore structures At the electrode-electrolyte interphase, HCs can act as molecular sieves.
The obtained P2-type Na 0.62 Ca 0.025 Ni 0.28 Mg 0.05 Mn 0.67 O 2 material possesses better all-round performance compared with the other discussed counterparts.
However, the c-axis of the P3 phase in P2/P3-NaMNO-PM undergoes a sharp change during the P′3 phase transition, while that in P2/P3-NaMNO changes more gradually.
Our study highlights the prospect of NASICON-type structure as a materials platform to improve the Na-ion storage performance for high-power and long-lived SIBs.
The internal resistance of SIB is slightly higher than that of the LIB, resulting in less heat and low-temperature rise in short circuits and other safety tests.
Determination of particle size was performed on both tin phosphide and Prussian blue using a Zeiss 1550 SEM and measurements were done on as synthesized powders.
In the present study, we prepared various Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) with comparable size and shape by partially replacing Fe with different transition metals.
It is worth mentioning that Fe-Mn based O3-type cathode usually have poor cyclic performance and large voltage hysteresis along with a series of impurity phase .
Moreover, the potential for lower costs due to the abundance of sodium makes Na-ion technology particularly appealing for grid-scale energy storage applications.
Novel two-dimensional (2D) electrode materials have become a new frontier for mining electrode materials for Li-ion batteries (LIBs) and Na-ion batteries (NIBs).
Hard carbons are the most investigated materials as negative electrode for Na-ion batteries, although the exact mechanism of sodium storage remains under debate.
This indicated that (Ni)MnO2 birnessite not only had a better storage capacity for aqueous Na-ions, but also had an enhanced rate performance compared with MnO2.
They presented average output voltages of 2.9 and 3.2 V, respectively, further evidencing the feasibility in engineering the output voltage of Na-ion full cells.
The influences of microporosity and inaccessible closed pores on the PRC at low voltages are critical in improving the Na-ion insertion and storage of the MSHCs.
The CV proles of different scan rate for the NVP-x (x ¼ 0-0.10) sodium-ion battery without pre-cycling are displayed in Fig. 6 in the voltage range 2.3-3.9 V vs.
Anthracite-based reduced graphene oxide (FArGO) exhibited certain defects, providing fast diffusion channels for Na + storage and additional sodium storage sites.
Different anode materials have been analysed for SIB applications; among them, carbonaceous materials are arguably the most economical for large-scale production.
FTIR measurements of hard carbons using a diamond ATR crystal face challenges in achieving total reflection condition due to the similarity of refractive indexes.
In this regard, the major challenge for high-performance SIHCs lies in exploring desirable sodium-ion storage anode materials to overcome the kinetics imbalance .
It should be noted that when used in a similar P2-type Na 0.67 -Ni 0.33 Mn 0.67 O 2 electrode, decomposition of the PEGDA-MEA polymer electrolyte was far greater.
Further inferences about the sodium intercalation mechanism in host materials can be drawn from the voltage (V) vs. capacity (Q) prole by derivation of the data.
To describe it simply: the volume of sodium ions is much bigger than that of lithium ions, so it travels slower and is less likely to pass through cell separator.
Suspecting too short interlayer spacing of regular graphite as a reason for low capacity, Wen et al reported expanded graphite as a Na-ion battery anode material.
Peters et al. provided an overall life cycle assessment of a representative SIB and compared its environmental performance, based on the existing studies on LIBs.
The comparative samples exhibit similar morphology and identical composition to the P2/P3-NaMNO sample (Supplementary Figs. 12, 13, and Supplementary Tables 3,4).
The obtained algae-derived HC is tested as anodic material for Na-ion battery, investigating the effect of pyrolysis temperature on the electrochemical behaviour.
The electrochemical performance of the MnHCF-P/A electrodes were examined in sodium metal cells, using 1 M NaPF 6 (PC) electrolyte within potential 2.0~4.0 V (vs.
As is known to all, high pyrolysis temperature can provide a strong driving force to elevate the graphitization degree and closed pore content of hard carbon 12 .
Increasing the Na content, metal radius, and/or Si content all lead to the increase of the lattice constant of NASICON and thereby enhance the ionic conductivity.
Some larger agglomerates were also visible on the surface of the fibres, which appear smooth if hard carbon without the silicon component is produced in this way.
Recently, Park confirmed the energy barrier of Na + migration decreased after Ti substitution into O3-type NaFe 0.25 Ni 0.25 Mn 0.5 O 2 based on DFT calculations.
Figure S8a displays the first discharge-charge profile in the Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2/Na half cell, in which the brown points are denoted for ex-situ XRD and STEM test.
A non-sodiated region was analysed to serve as a reference (Fig. 4(i)) and the chemical composition ratio of the surface to bulk region of NASICON was determined.
The corresponding potential vs. capacity profile is shown in Supplementary Fig. 2, which exhibits the typical slopeplateau profile characteristic of hard carbons.
P2/P3-NaMNO-PM materials were synthesized through mixing the pure P2-NaMNO and P3-NaMNO with mass ratio of 1:1, followed by calcination at 850 °C for 12 h in air.
Subsequently, at the high potential of ~ 4.2 V (vs Na + /Na), sodium ions are further deintercalated and the final phase of NaV 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3-y O y is obtained.
This absence of plating is possibly caused by irreversible capacity within the cell, which utilises the excess sodium during the SEI formation on the hard carbon.
Moreover, despite the low potential of the third Na + ion, the Na x V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 //HC (hard carbon) full cell exhibited a 10-20% enhanced the energy density.
Furthermore, the MoS 2 /NSGs-G sample displayed lower resistance, dominant pseudocapacitive contribution, and faster sodium ion interface kinetics characteristic.
The electrostatic force between sulfur and sodium ions is 62-70 times smaller than that of oxygen due to the sulfur atom's large radius and low electronegativity.
Specifically, the power density, low-temperature performance, and cycle life achievable in current Na-ion full cells is among the best thus far reported for SIBs.
By using both the LST/QST method and AIMD simulation, the migration process of sodium ions in two representative directions of the borophene monolayer was probed.
Various synthetic polymers are used to synthesize hard carbon materials, such as pitch 73 , polyvinyl chloride 74 , polyacrylonitrile 75 , and phenolic resin 38 .
In order to improve the ICE and sodium storage capacity of porous carbon materials in SIBs, Feng et al. proposed a strategy of sulfur coating and N, S co-doping .
The sodium storage sites are thought to decrease in the HC heated at 2000 C, compared to HC-1600, which means that further shrinkage between carbon layers occurs.
It is therefore advantageous to use machine learning (ML), deep learning and data mining techniques to study the electrochemical properties of novel hard carbons.
The GMC hard carbon, produced from lignin precursor lignin-c in section , has very small specific surface area, and almost no micro pore volume smaller than 5 nm.
This strategy presented in this paper may also improve the electrochemical performance of other metal suldes with potential for use as sodium-ion battery anodes.
The electrochemical performances were investigated using CR2032 coin half-cells with sodium metal as counter electrode and Whatman glass ber (GF/D) as separator.
As shown in Fig. 4h, i, S17, and S18 (SI), ion fragments corresponding to relevant inorganic components, including NaF -, NaP -, NaCO 3 -, and NaO -were detected.
Developing novel active materials is essential for the deployment of NIBs, especially in terms of negative electrodes that can accommodate the larger sodium ions.
The discovery of fast ionic conduction of sodium ions in b-alumina led to the interest of research in solid electrolytes for fast ionic transport of sodium ions .
To understand the kinetics of Na + storage in hard carbons, GITT was carried out with a 30 mA g -1 of pulse current for 20 min between the rest intervals for 2 h.
A sloped plateau like feature around 0.25-0.75 V in the discharge curve is derived from the reversible reactions of intercalation of sodium ions into bronze TiO2.
Among them, graphite is an intriguing material with different lithium and sodium storage properties (372 mA h g À 1 in LIBs, but less than 35 mA h g À 1 in SIBs).
Regarding the use of the hard carbon anode, the low redox voltage close to that of the sodium metal plating 12 would induce serious concerns on the safety issues.
This piece presents the cathode materials most frequently utilized in sodium-ion batteries, followed by a discussion of their respective strengths and weaknesses.
For the slope region corresponding to Na + adsorption or insertion, the Na + is provided by the bulk electrolyte and transports through the S-SEI of hard carbons.
The semicircles are attributed to interfacial resistance and bulk resistance, while the vertical line at low-frequency range is assigned to sodium-ion diffusion .
The larger lateral width (L a ) of the graphitic domain leads to a more ordered structure, causing less accessibility to Na-ion storage sites and low PRC results.
In fact, hard carbon from various sources, including biomass-derived hard carbon, has been widely searched for an optimum capacity for delivering SIB anodes [3, .
Sodium-ion batteries need both have higher energy/power density and can further adapt to the extreme working environment brought by different regions and seasons.
There is great interest in the discovery of Li/Na-ion cathode materials with capacity exceeding the limitation of conventional intercalation-based oxide cathodes.
While materials containing large, continuous channels are frequently well-suited for ion transport, this alone is not a sufficient condition for Na-ion transport.
No shi of peak (broad peaks at 24 ) for ME and ME-CNT samples can be observed, indicating that CNTs addition doesn't alter the interlayer spacing of hard carbon.
However, compared to other battery chemistries, the study of the fundamental kinetics (i.e., charge rate) for aqueous Na-ion batteries remains at the early stage.
Although these surface modification methods may improve the coulombic efficiency of hard carbon, their rate performance and cyclability are far from satisfactory.
In this paper, we have demonstrated spherical hard carbon/graphite hybrid system to optimize the structure of porous electrode and the kinetics of battery system.
The adsorption mechanism also includes the diffusion of K + into hard carbon materials and its storage in the bulk phase, which is mainly controlled by diffusion.
However, the aforementioned phenomena can be well interpreted when the porosity of hard carbons and the associated pre-desolvation process are taken into account.
To probe the oxidation state of Nb in NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , X-ray absorption spectroscopy measurements were performed along with Nb 2 O 5 and NbO 2 references.
In both half and full sodium ion batteries, the artificially produced Na3V2 (PO4)3 cathode material demonstrated outstanding cycle stability and rate performance.
Although good capacity retention is often difficult to achieve for Na-ion cathode systems, it can be seen that the present system has excellent capacity retention.
The designed Ti 3 C 2 -N funct //NVPF SIB displays excellent cycle stability at -25 °C (Fig. 3f), which keeps capacity retention of 88.1% after 200 cycles at 0.5C.
In particular, we focused on the effect of the sodium-ion concentration on the performance by varying the molar fraction of Na[FSA] (x(Na[FSA])) from 0.20 to 0.50.
Therefore, we believe birnessite with a high Na content and highly ordered layered structure could be an ideal positive electrode for aqueous sodium-ion batteries.
The dried electrode sheets were punched into 12 mm diameter pieces and further dried overnight at 150°C (for hard carbon) or 120°C (for Na 2 V 3 O 7 ) in a vacuum.
Overall, these two interfacial resistances sum to much less than that of the Na-NaSICON interfacial resistance seen in the case of bare NaSICON (-3 versus -53 f2).
Then, hard carbons are elaborated from sucrose, a simple, sustainable and abundant precursor, under different pressures from 1 bar (atmospheric pressure) to 7 bar.
As the lattice distortions are caused by the entire process of Na-ion movement in three samples, Fe-C and Fe-N octahedral sites were selected for the calculations.
The pinecone-derived hard carbon (PHC) anode for sodium-ion batteries made by properly carbonizing and cleaning process, exhibited a good electrochemical property.
Additionally, freeze drying ensures that the functional groups and the overall morphology of the MXene are preserved, leading to better sodium storage performance.
Here, the NaO 2 slabs to TMO 2 slabs spacing ratio (R = d O-Na-O /d O-TM-O ) was leveraged as a criterion for assessing the cycling stability of O3-type materials.
Phase identification of as-deposited Sn coatings on NaSICON was performed by x-ray diffraction (XRD), using a Bruker D2 Phaser diffractometer with Cu Ka radiation.
However, we measured electrochemical perfroamance of few different electrolyes for high mass loading bismuth electrodes in full-cell sodium-ion batteries (see Fig.
Despite these advantages, SIB technology has not yet reached maturity and current research is largely focused on the selection and optimization of anode materials.
Sodium-ion batteries promise efficient, affordable and sustainable electrical energy storage that avoids critical raw materials such as lithium, cobalt and copper.
Overall, while these modifications improve sodium storage, they must balance structural integrity to ensure thermal stability, critical for safe battery operation.
This series resistance of -3.4 f2 is on par with that expected for NaSICON bulk and grain boundary resistances, implying improved surface contact with the NaSICON.
The polyanionic 9,10-anthraquinone-2,6-disulfonate (Na2-AQ26DS) with two ionic O-Na bonds as an organic cathode exhibited excellent stability in Na-ion half cells.
Figure 8b exhibits that the diffusion energies are in the order Cs-ILT > Li-ILT > Na-ILT > K-ILT, suggesting that sodium-ion diffusion is more difficult in Cs-ILT.
Among these, P2-(refs 9-16) and O3-types , which are classified by their sequence of oxygen stacking, are of interest because of their large reversible capacities.
The complex phase transitions induced by interlayer slide in layered cathode materials lead to poor cycling stability and rate capability for sodium-ion batteries.
However, commercial graphite anodes used in lithium-ion batteries are not suitable for SIBs, due to a difficult insertion of sodium ions into the graphitic layers.
Herein, hierarchical rod-in-tube TiO 2 with a uniform carbon coating is synthesized as the anode material for sodium-ion batteries by a facile solvothermal method.
We also confirm the favorable impacts of larger interlayer spacing between graphenic sheet on extending the sodium storage capacity during the low voltage plateau.
An analytical study was performed on pouch and prismatic Na-ion cells based on existing Li-ion Models, due to external short circuit or ultra-high discharge rates.
Building on this understanding, we designed and synthesized a multiphase positive electrode material, P2/P3-NaMNO, with an eligible P2/P3 interphase configuration.
Beda et al. 137 studied the impact of biomass impurities on hard carbon properties by approaching precursors containing elements, such as Ca, Mg, K, Si, P, and Cl.
The migration paths of Na + in the Na0.55 and Na1 were further simulated and visualized using bond valence pathway analyzer (BVPA) (Supplementary Figs. 16-23) 25 .
In addition, the large variety of possible defects in hard carbons, which are disordered materials, creates an energetic distribution for the adsorption phenomena.
The reduction peak at 1.4 V can be ascribed as intercalation of sodium-ions into MoS 2 layer 34 while the peak at 0.7 V can be ascribed to the conversion reaction.
Additionally, it is anticipated that sodium-ion batteries will have significant applications in compact vehicles and energy storage facilities in the coming years.
To date, the possible depletion of lithium resources has become relevant, giving rise to the interest in Na-ion batteries (NIBs) as promising alternatives to LIBs.
Many Ti-containing compounds were reported as cathode and anode materials, but very few studies focus on the role of Ti in electrodes used in sodium-ion batteries.
Therefore, we believe that both the NASICON ceramic and epoxy polymers are electrochemically stable, and no other chemical reaction occur in the composite process.
Intriguingly, D Na + fluctuates wildly at plateaus of 3.6 and 4.0 V, which can be attributed to the abundant insertion of sodium ions in these voltage regions 56 .
This figure is quoted with permission from Yamada et al. . (F) Charge/discharge profiles of Na||HC(hard carbon) cells using the concentrated NaFSA/TMP electrolyte.
Although this may still not high enough for practical application, this initial efficiency is among the highest of all the sodium anode materials reported to date.
The specific energy density HE-NVPF//HC sodium-ion full cells (SIFCs) at 0.1C reached 423 Wh kg -1 , with a mean voltage of 3.74 V and a capacity of 113 mAh g -1 .
The CV curves demonstrate a small peak around 0.62 V, and a quasi-rectangular shape suggesting a partially pseudocapacitive sodium insertion mechanism (Figure 3e).
For SIBs, the abundance of materials is an unequivocal reason why sodium ions are attractive as charge carriers in rechargeable batteries for various applications.
Các phép đo điện hoá được tiến hành trên pin cúc áo CR2032 (MTI, USA) với bán pin hard carbon/Na với điện cực làm việc hard carbon, điện cực đối là natri kim loại.
For our thermodynamic model, we only need the transfer of Na + ions from a reservoir to the hard carbon electrode, where the total amount of Na + remains constant.
To prevent this issue, pellets are covered by NASICON powder during the sintering process, which has proved to be a good alternative according to a previous work .
The NiSe 2 -rGO-C composite nanofibers maintained their original morphologies even after repeated sodium ion insertion and desertion processes as shown by Fig. 6a.
The formation of P'2-and O3-type phases indicates that the evaporated sodium not only covers the surface of the electrode but also incorporates into the structure.
From Figure 2N, the sodium diffusion coefficients range from 10 -13 to 10 -10 cm 2 s -1 , which is highly competitive with other recognized NASICON-type materials.
In addition, the development of sodium-ion battery technology plays a critical role in achieving energy conservation, emission reduction, and economic development.
To further improve its electrochemical performance, Chen et al. obtained hollow hard carbon nanospheres via pyrolysis of phenolic resin using SiO 2 as a template .
This report is a first step towards the use of nitrogendoped carbon materials from low-cost, industrially widespread precursors as anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
AA-type 3D self-assembled nano/micro-structures are very common in SIB anode materials such as flowerlike, thread-like, urchin-like, and dandelion-like structures.
This innovative approach provides a new design concept for high-capacity Prussian blue analogue cathode materials in the realm of high-performance SIBs and beyond.
Glass microber lter membrane (Whatman, GF/D) was treated as the separator of the sodium ion battery, and a sodium metal sheet was taken as the counter electrode.
Most work has been on improving the electrochemical performance of Na-ion LTMO materials, which is only a slice of the pie in terms of potential commercialization.
As summarized in Table 1, numerous studies about the utilization of hollow micro-/nanostructures as sodium-ion battery cathodes have been reported in recent years.
It is usually assumed that the rapid fading of Prussian blue analogs in aqueous electrolytes is induced by the metal-ion dissolution of the materials in water 42 .
The superior electrochemical performance demonstrates that these materials can be used as negative electrode materials for aqueous sodium-ion battery applications.
This holistic integration reflects the diversity of NASICON materials and ensures a nuanced understanding of the relationships between composition and performance.
The analysis presented in the previous section revealed that the electrochemical properties of some of hard carbons were sensitive to cycle rate above 10 mA g -1 .
Na 0.67 Ni 0.33 Mn 0.67 O 2 is a prospective layered cathode material for sodium-ion batteries owing to its low cost, ease of synthesis, and high specific capacity.
However, in the uncoated NaSICON-100 pellet (Figure 3b-c), a different morphology was observed in a large fraction of the cross-section after galvanostatic testing.
The novelty of this research is the incorporation of two-dimensional nanobelts into asymmetric membranes for high performance sodium-ion battery for the first time.
There is a lot of research around the development of solid-state electrolytes for lithium-ion batteries but not as much progress has been made for SIB applications.
Silicon nitride/oxycarbide -hard carbon composites were produced by first reacting cellulose with SiCl 4 , and then carbonising the dry mixture at high temperature.
Once all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries are successfully industrialized, global warming and the secondary disasters triggered by it will be effectively mitigated.
As a result, by the increase of Zr content from x = 0 to x = 0.4 the location of the strongest peak line of NASICON phase shifts from 24.47 to 22.98 ° (see Fig. 2).
Dugas et al. 305 , however, postulated that the detrimental effects of FEC arise from the kinetic limitations of the Na metal electrode rather than the hard carbon.
Operando-electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (operando-EIS) is further used to study the charge transport kinetics across the interphase in the Na-ion batteries.
NLVPF exhibited excellent rate capability showing capacities of 72 mAh g -1 and 24 mAh g -1 at 5C in Li and Na-ion cell, respectively, as displayed in Fig. 2c andf.
The practical feasibility of a pouch-type full cell paired with a hard carbon anode is demonstrated by a high capacity retention of 82.9% after 300 cycles at 0.5 C.
After the SEI is completely removed, hard carbons harvested in ether and ester electrolytes still retains 4.42% and 24.19% Na, respectively (Supplementary Fig. 23).
When used as SIB anode, the resultant Sb 2 O 3 /N-GNR nanocomposite demonstrated a superior Na storage performance compared to that of GNR without N doping process.
Both sodium-ion batteries and sodium-ion capacitors assembled with high-entropy MOFs materials as anode provide excellent rate performance and long cycle stability.
So far, cells combining a higher cathode mass loading with a sodium metal anode typically fail after o20 cycles due to a short circuit caused by dendrite formation.
Further detail of the setup, applied to Li-ion half cells, Na-ion half cells 30 and commercial cells, 35,36 can be found in the cited works. 2.2.2 Formation cycles.
As discussed previously, only Mn gives subsequent redoxes with a small difference between them, which makes it a priority for mid or high-entropy NASICON cathodes .
The full cell NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 /hard carbon delivered a high capacity over 200 mAh g -1 (based on negative electrodes) along with operating voltage of about 3 V.
In this review, we summarize the current research on the K + storage mechanism in hard carbons, and list the main preparation strategies of high-performance anodes.
SIB offers several notable advantages over lithium-ion counterparts, including enhanced safety, faster charging speeds, and significantly lower manufacturing costs.
We performed classical and first principles-based MD simulations for a series of electrolytes with increasing concentration of sodium ions in EMIM-FSI ionic liquid.
NASICON (Na superionic conductor)-structured compounds are interesting materials that can be used as solid electrolytes as well as cathodes in secondary batteries .
Recently, Na-ion batteries have been considered as a promising alternative to Li-ion batteries because abundance in sodium precursors can lead to a cost reduction .
Second, the constructed N-doped carbon hollow microspheres were exposed to more surface-active sites to mobilize the ions and shorten the Na-ion diffusion distance.
This strategy of electronic structure modulation offers avenues for developing high energy density stable vanadium-based cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
This study provides valuable insights and references for selecting suitable hard carbon precursors to develop high-performance fluorinated carbon cathode materials.
We chose filter paper as the carbon precursor in part owing to the merits of waste reuse and that the derived carbon fiber is suitable for Na-ion storage 25,51,52 .
The work highlights the importance of tailoring SEI properties to manipulate Na ion storage mechanisms and improve the battery performance of hard carbon materials.
To further illustrate the better dynamic performance of NVPF-CNB-30, the diffusion coefficient of sodium ions was calculated by applying the formulas ( 2) and ( 3).
In the research of NASICON compounds doped with various elements, we employed a convolutional neural network (CNN) approach as a highly effective methodology [3,4,.
The material design of Na3MCl6 in this study will be fundamental guidelines for the development of novel sodium halide SEs for all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries.
In contrast, the variation with strain is much more pronounced for NaFePO 4 , with tensile strain making the formation of anti-site defect clusters less favourable.
Recently, a hybrid SIB anode composed of FeSb 2 S 4 /Sb/rGO that offers a highly stable capacity of 366.1 mAh g -1 over 100 cycles at 0.1 A g -1 has been reported .
As per our knowledge, this is one of the best results obtained among recently published MoS 2 SIB anodes based on intercalation/de-intercalation reaction of Na-ion.
SIBs operate on the same principle as lithium-ion batteries, utilizing a process that embeds sodium ions between the cathode and anode for charging and discharging.
In the dilute limit, the diffusing sodium ion is completely surrounded by sodium vacancies and the impact of Na-Na interactions on the diffusion barrier is minimal.
Thus, addressing these inherent limitations and engineering TM layers with enhanced structural stability is essential to advancing sodium-ion batteries development.
The surface modification led to improved capacity and stability of the Na-ion batteries at high charge/discharge current densities with an ionic liquid electrolyte.
The cypress-derived hard carbon (WC-1100) with hierarchical pores achieves a peak sodium ion storage of 307 mA h g -1 at 0.1 A g -1 with an impressive ICE of 82.5%.
In the first stage, which corresponds to charging from the open-circuit voltage to 3.3 V, the XRD patterns exhibited a NASICON structure without any impurity peaks.
Galvanostatic intermittent titration (GITT) was used to measure the diffusion coefficient of sodium ions to better understand the storage mechanisms of sodium ions.
Particularly, the effect of different functional groups of HCs on sodium storage behaviors and different defects and layer spacing distances can also be calculated.
A key challenge for sodium-ion batteries is the development of improved electrode materials that can handle the larger sodium ions while maintaining energy density.
The main transition metals used in sodium cathode materials are manganese (Mn), Iron (Fe), Aluminum (Al), Titanium (Ti), Nickel (Ni), Vanadium (V), and Cobalt (Co).
Among them, P'2-Na x MnO 2 is stable even at temperatures as high as 1,000-1,200 °C (Stoyanova et al., 2010), which is similar to that of NASICON solid electrolyte.
The findings of this research provide important insights for the development of high-performance Prussian blue analogues cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
The effect of surface engineering involving the introduction of TiO 2 coating on the sodium storage is investigated by density functional theory (DFT) calculations.
In-situ XRD for the first two cycles indicated that HSPB showed a large lattice change due to more sodium ion shuttling, which is unfavorable for long-term cycling.
The epoxy-NASICON solid electrolyte can be applied to the bipolar stack cells because it is thin enough to put two or more solid electrolytes in a single coin cell.
These changes correlate with rapid capacity loss, indicating that increased lattice distortion impairs the material's ability to reversibly accommodate sodium ions.
A particularly promising approach involves the co-modification of P2-type Na 2/3 [Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 (NNMO) using a CuO surface coating combined with Cu 2+ doping .
O3-type layered oxide has unique advantages in energy density, operating voltage, and synthesis cost, and is currently the most concerned cathode material for SIBs.
For the same reason, the de-sodiation current at 3.0-1.0 V strengthens, indicating that the sodium ions adsorbed on the external surface of ZTCs are being released.
This indicates that the excess Na in NaMnO 2 plays a role in coating the grains, with ICP, XPS, and EDX results supporting the idea of surface coating on the grain.
The P2-type polymorph typically displays high rate performance, but the sodium decient nature of this framework also leads to comparatively low specic capacities.
Optimising the performance of hard carbons is therefore a balance between maintaining open diffusion pathways and maximising the number of accessible storage sites.
This wide electrochemical window of the concentrated aqueous electrolyte allows the Na 2 MnFe(CN) 6 //NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 aqueous sodium-ion system to work reversibly.
In addition to the experimental investigation, we also performed a theoretical calculation to understand the Na-ion diffusion between layers in different compounds.
Although, the pure P2-type material has a higher initial capacity than the pure O3-type material, the inferior cycling stability results in poor capacity retention.
Prussian blue cathode materials are easy to synthesize, Na+ migrates quickly, and the battery capacity is large, but its battery capacity is prone to rapid decline.
However, the authors conclude that P-containing functional groups negatively affect sodium ion storage because of the dissolution of such groups in the electrolyte.
After a series of processing treatments, they exhibit excellent sodium-ion storage properties, making them suitable as electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
Combined with the higher percentage of sodium ion (x) in Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 and nano size-crystallizing, the more efficient cesium-adsorption can be realized.
Furthermore, when paired with Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 @C to form a MnS 0.5 Se 0.5 @N-CNF// NVP@C sodium-ion battery, the energy density reaches as high as 254 Wh kg -1 .
They provided rich information on sodium electrochemistry of O3-type layer-structured materials and the possibility of using them as the cathode materials for SIBs.
The graphitic domains in LF-1300C facilitate faster charge transfer and improved Na+ diffusion kinetics, leading to enhanced performance under high-rate conditions.
This research gives a rational direction for designing the core-shell composite transition metal oxide materials to improve the performance of sodium-ion batteries.
The increasing demand for efficient energy storage has led to increased research on sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) as a promising alternative to lithium-ion batteries.
The prepared NVPF samples were coated with different amounts of ionic liquid as the cathode material for sodium ion batteries for electrochemical performance tests.
Here we posit that developing methods to mitigating strain on the electrode particle length scale is a key factor for achieving long-cyclelife sodium-ion batteries.
The NZSSP-Zn 0.10 /NZSSP-Zn 0 solid electrolyte was applied in the Na|NASICON SSEs|Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C (NVP/C) cell to verify the practical application (Fig. 5a).
The rate-capability of Sb is unprecedented for Na-ion anodes, and is comparable to fastest Li-ion intercalation materials such as graphite 55 , and Li titanates 56 .
This work highlights the importance of achieving a mixed structure in hard carbons of amorphous and crystalline zones for sodium storage in ether-based electrolytes.
Benefiting from their nonflammability and abundant resources, aqueous sodium-ion batteries (ASIBs) are regarded as promising candidates for grid energy storage 3,4 .
Although discussions are still ongoing about Na storage mechanisms in hard carbons, most studies highlight the importance of the pore-filling mechanism by Na + ions.
It is worth noting that a recent report points out hard carbon should have good rate capability in 3-electrode cells. 32 The results are shown in Fig. 6 and Table 2.
When the linear relationship (b-value of 1.0) existed between the peak cur-rent (i) and the scan rate (v), sodium storage is dominated by a pure capacitive behavior.
This hope is supported by the fact that the duration of the development of Na-ion batteries is only one-third of the duration of the development of Li-ion batteries.
These closed pores facilitate the intercalation and insertion of sodium ions, contributing to sodium storage within the plateau region of the electrochemical prole.
Generally, in the HC-basic scenario, the CFs of all analyzed SIB and LIB cell chemistries are within the same order of magnitude and mostly show CF differences o20%.
DPC-A has a moderate surface area, which limited the side reactions and improved Na-ion transfer, so it had high first-cycle Coulomb efficiency and good performance.
Interestingly, and despite the very different perspectives, in the case of the oxidic SIB variants, the LCA results for HTox provide a comparable picture as the THP.
The contact between MOF and sodium metal was not completely solid-solid contact, which constructed a fast path for the rapid transport of sodium ions in interfaces .
In the future, other types of nanobelts are going to be introduced into asymmetric membranes for lithium and sodium ion batteries, such as tin and silicon nanobelts.
We critically evaluate these methods for the quantification of parameters related to the reversible and irreversible capacity of the materials as LIB and SIB anodes.
The rGO and amorphous C with low Na-ion storage capability led to a reduction in the initial discharge capacity and Coulombic efficiency of the composite nanofibers.
The conventional P2-type cathode material Na 0.67 Ni 0.33 Mn 0.67 O 2 suffers from an irreversible P2-O2 phase transition and serious capacity fading during cycling.
However, the subtle difference due to the low conductivity of the NASICON can be further improved using other carbon-based coating materials such as CNT or graphene.
In sodium ion batteries, the cathode is the costliest component of the cell, which is typically a transition metal oxide with high electronic and ionic conductivity.
Additionally, these degradations are particularly pronounced in P2-type layered oxides, where the open trigonal prismatic Na + sites facilitate water intercalation .
Overall, MoS 2 dichalcogenide exhibits tremendous potential, and this paper offers an in-depth exploration of its applications in eld emission and SIB technologies.
Introducing a suitable amount of P atoms can optimize the polydisperse spherical hard carbon, expand the interlayer spacing and repair some defects in carbon layers.
For the full-cell, the O3-NFCNTSL cathode and hard carbon (HC) anode were firstly assembled into halfcells and precycled for 3 cycles before assembled to full cells.
The crystal structure created in the NASICON sample is known to be rhombohedral, which will later transform into monoclinic depending on the quantity of doping used.
Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and high-resolution TEM were conducted to investigate the microstructure of hard carbon sample formed at various temperatures.
Even at an extremely low temperature of -60 °C, the hybrid also delivers a high capacity of 237.9 mAh g -1 at 2 A g -1 , surpassing all reported SIB anode materials.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered as one of the most promising candidates for large-scale energy storage due to the abundant and low-cost sodium resources .
Previous computational studies on NASICON systems 60 showed that the Na conductivity (or diffusivity) drops signicantly as Na content in NASICONs approach x Na = 4.
Annealed IDEs were post-treated at temperatures between 50 and 250 °C to determine the activation energy E a of the NaSICON films annealed at different temperatures.
The crystal structure of PBAs is reminiscent of that of double perovskites with two octahedrally coordinated Fig. 1 The crystal structure of Prussian blue analogues.
Correspondingly, distinct peaks associated with organic species of O=C-O and C=O bonds can be identified for hard carbons obtained from ester electrolytes (Fig. 5b).
These results are very helpful for designing high-performance SIB cathodes that can withstand a variety of operating circumstances and ensuring structural stability.
Before constructing full-cells (see ESI † for details), NFM111 and hard carbon were first assembled in half-cells against sodium metal, using 1 M NaPF 6 electrolyte.
In recent years, various cathode materials have been reported for SIBs, such as layered transition metal oxides , polyanion compounds , and Prussian blue analogues .
Although this technique has been widely used by several groups for activated carbon characterization , only one group 40,98 reported results on various hard carbons.
If prepared by the electrodeposition process, the synthesized Prussian blue analogues film has poor adhesion to conductive glass, resulting in poor cycle stability .
The mechanisms suggesting the closed pore contribution in Na-ion storage have been widely debated in NIBs 67,68 and are still controversial in the K-ion counterpart.
The XRD analysis of the powders was conducted using the Rietveld refinement process, revealing two main phases, α-NaMnO 2 and β-NaMnO 2 , with increasing Na content.
Many alternative low cost batteries have been developed to solve this issue, including sodium-ion batteries, zinc-ion batteries, magnesium-ion batteries, and so on .
Na-ion batteries are appealing alternative to Li-ion battery systems for large-scale energy storage applications in which elemental cost and abundance are important.
However, problems, such as low capacity, low storage voltage and capacity fade of electrode materials, must be resolved for the applications of sodium ion batteries.
However, the rigid framework of the NASICON materials is more suitable for the migration of ions and exhibits a high conductivity of 10 -4 S/cm at room temperature .
Operando 23 Na solid-state NMR and pair distribution function analysis experiments provide insights into the structure of hard carbon anodes in sodium-ion batteries.
The Na 0.66 [Mn 0.66 Ti 0.34 ]O 2 |NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C aqueous sodium-ion cell demonstrates excellent cycle performance with minimal capacity decay after 300 cycles.
The cooperative effect of N and S, the hollow structure, excellent porosity, and enlarged interlayer distance gave the NSGHS anode superb sodium storage performance.
The structure of these materials was similar to tunneltype Na 0.44 MnO 2 (S.G.: Pbam) (as shown in Figure 3B) with sodium ions in the S-shaped and hexagonal tunnels.
Sodium-ion batteries have been considered as one of the most promising types of batteries, beyond lithium-ion batteries, for large-scale energy storage applications.
To further assess the adsorption contribution of the transition metals present in the lattice, a wider range of Prussian Blue Analogues can be studied in the future.
Fu et al. proposed a dual-site doping of P2-type Na 0.67 Ni 0.33 Mn 0.67 O 2 , where Mg 2+ replaced Ni 2+ in the TM layers and Ca 2+ tended to pillar the Na layers .
To obtain high performance sodium ion batteries, the rapid Na + diffusion and stable phase transition should be realized by finding the optimal doping concentration.
The powder was then ground and heated again to 625 °C at a rate of 5 °C min -1 for 3 h under air and quenched; the obtained sample is denoted Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2.
Recently, compositing methodologies have been much in the limelight for their adaptable surface and bulk properties, matching with desired SIB anode characteristics.
In addition, with more practical concerns, we also fabricated the full cells with commercial hard carbon as anode (purchased from KURARAY Co., Ltd., Japan (Type 2)).
A prime is used to indicate distortion of the ideal structure. 37 In O3-type layered sodium transition metal oxides, octahedra of adjoining sodium sites share edges.
For example, the energy storage performance of sodium-ion batteries can be improved by optimizing the positive and negative electrodes, separators, and electrolytes.
As depicted in Fig. 2a, the diffusion of sodium ions occurs primarily through the edge-sharing tetrahedral sites positioned between these layers in the O3 structure.
However, the explanation is not applicable to the sodium storage because HC samples heated by HC-1600 showed the largest reversible capacity, as presented in Fig. 1.
To assess the effect of oxygen-containing defects on sodium storage, which would contribute to the sloping region, a selection of graphene defects was modelled (Fig.
For instance, a tailored NASICON-type carbon-coated NVP (NVP@C) nanocomposite demonstrates outstanding rate capability over a broad temperature range (-20 to 55 °C).
In the case of x(Na[FSA]) = 0.40, such sodium-ion depletion is less likely to occur than the case of x(Na[FSA]) = 0.20, which results in a higher discharge capacity.
For the partially sodiated structures, the shortest distance between sodium ions inside the unit cell was because these produced structures with the lowest energies.
Recently, remarkable progress has been made in the research of new materials for the optimization of high-energy positive electrodes for sodium-ion batteries (NIBs).
Here, all of these anodes involved in a reversible sodium intercalation/de-intercalation mechanism, demonstrating specific capacity in the range of 100-300 mAhg -1 .
Developing a sodiumenriched cathode that can provide extra endogenous sodium ions (beyond its normal stoichiometric ratio) is also an intriguing presodiation method.
Good electrochemical behavior has also been observed for many Na-ion battery cathodes with the α-NaFeO 2 type structure type including NaCrO 2 10,16 and NaFeO 2 17 .
Consistent conclusions could be drawn from the GITT experiment (Figs. 4h andS11), including the order of magnitude of the D Na+ values and their variation tendency .
Nanotechnology is widely used in sodium-ion batteries to overcome the issue of extracting/inserting during charging/discharging due to the sodium ion's large radius.
The XRD patterns reported in Figure 2 shows that for both Mn/Ni ratio, at temperature as low as 500°C, a P3-type structure is obtained however mixed with Na 2 CO 3 .
A large number of anode materials, such as transitional metal oxides, 5,6 carbon-based materials 7 and Na-alloys 8 have been studied for use in sodium-ion batteries.
Additionally, the synthesis process (i.e., pretreatment conditions) is an important parameter that must be taken into account to control the texture of hard carbons.
Taking the layered transition metal oxide cathodes as an example, we describe the working principle and composition of sodium-ion batteries, as depicted in Figure 2.
The electrochemical characterization of hard carbon is first carried out in a coin cell (versus Na metal) at low current rates permitting full sodiation/desodiation.
Our findings highlight the significance of a stable interface and, moreover, open opportunities for the design of well-tailored cathode materials for sodium storage.
Additionally, the microstructural properties of hard carbon can be altered by selecting different precursors which in turn influence the electrochemical performance.
As an analogue of LiFePO 4 , designing hollow micro-/nanostructured NaFePO 4 cathode materials can be a very effective way to achieve high sodium storage performance.
The electrolyte of the sodium ion battery contained 1.0 M NaClO 4 in the mixture of ethyl carbonate (EC) and diethyl carbonate (DEC) solution (volume ratio of 1 : 1).
However, since the ionic volume of Na is twice that of Li, the Na + diffusivity in the electrodes of Na-ion batteries is less favorable than that of Li-ion batteries.
Layered metal oxides are promising cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) due to their high theoretical specific capacity and wide Na + diffusion channels.
Ultimately, a quasi-solid-state sodium-ion full cell is assembled and exhibits 84% capacity retention after 2000 cycles and high safety even under extreme conditions.
Yang et al. also reported a symmetric aqueous Na-ion battery based on PB material and the as-obtained full batteries exhibit good cycling stability and rate capacity.
Meanwhile, a detailed and comprehensive understanding of the intrinsic working mechanisms, structural evolution, and sodium ion storage electrochemistry is discussed.
After being discharged to 0 V, the location of the main peak transfers to 708.5 eV, indicating that Fe 3+ was reduced to Fe 2+ upon the insertion of sodium ions (Fig.
The main common strategy to limit the SEI formation is a decrease in the specific surface area of hard carbons , possibly addressed by pyrolyzing at high temperature.
Thus, the proposed synthetic strategy and achieved deep insights will stimulate the development of Ag 6 Mo 10 O 33 for high-safety and long-life sodium ion batteries.
Sodium metal (Sigma Aldrich) and glass fiber membrane (Whatman, GLASS MICROFIBER FILTERS) were employed as the counter electrode and membrane separator, respectively.
The excellent electrochemical performance demonstrates that the material is promising for mass production applications as a commercial anode for sodium-ion batteries.
This is evaluated as a negative electrode in a sodium-ion battery (SIB) with a primary purpose of evaluating the effect of carbonization temperature on HC properties.
Recently, Sun et al. also demonstrated its promising sodium storage behaviour, showing a reversible capacity of $150 mA h g À1 , with an average plateau at $0.9 V vs.
The NASICON structure, which facilitates multi-electron reactions, allows the Mn ions to further oxidize to higher oxidation states via the Mn 3+ /Mn 4+ redox couple.
The (de)intercalation of Na-ions from/into the NaIn[Fe(CN) 6 ] thin films was investigated using cyclic voltammetry as well, with a lower potential limit of 0.4 V vs.
Recently, research has been conducted to increase the ratio of ceramics in anticipation of the ion conducting effect of solid electrolyte powders with NASICON powder.
This work investigates an air/waterstable Mn-based layered oxide cathode for sodium-ion batteries, providing insights relevant to their future industrial development.
Due to the enlarged size mismatch between Na + and the first-row TM ions, almost all TMs can readily form sodium layered oxides with a general formula of Na x TMO 2 .
And it can be found that the fluctuation of DNa+ in N0.92K0.08VPF/C is smaller than that of NVPF/C, meaning the excellent Na + migration kinetics of N0.92K0.08VPF/C .
However, it should be noted that Na0.55 shows a similar rate of volume variation to Na1 throughout the whole Na + extraction/insertion process (Na0.55, ΔV = -1.2% vs.
It has been shown that the commercial liquid electrolyte, such as NaClO 4 /(EC-DEC, FEC as additive), is electrochemical stable with the NASICON-structured cathodes .
The reason why the LIB has lower GWP is that SIB have lower energy density, which require increasingly larger battery cells in the same situation of storage capacity.
The development of new NASICON materials with higher ionic and electronic conductivities based on low cost and abundant elements is necessary for advancement of SIBs.
Obviously, ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 @C has a slope of 26.3, much lower than that of ZnSe@C (80.4), further demonstrating the faster sodium ion diffusion of ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 @C.
In summary, the formation mechanism of closed pore, which is the main sodium storage structure in hard carbon, was established based on the wood-derived hard carbons.
While b = 0.76 at the oxidation peak of 2.0 V is likely favorable with the diffusion of sodium ions, this observation being congruent with the galvanostatic analysis.
In the case of the CAMs from the group of manganese-based layered oxides and polyanionic Prussian blue analogues, lower hazards and impacts can generally be observed.
However, for electrolytes in hard carbon nanopores, the snapshot at an equilibrium trajectory presents a polymerization network connected by PF 6 -and Na + (Fig. 3e).
The Na migration kinetics and phase transition of the NASICON-type NMVTP/C cathode were observed by performing GITT at 0.15C with 10 min intervals between each pulse.
From the renement, the amount of electrochemically inactive NaFePO 4 was determined to be z5 wt% in the "combustion" sample and about 9 wt% in the "calcination" one.
The low solvation enthalpy of Na-ion shows lower activation barriers of Na-ion insertion, so indicated the faster charge-discharge characteristics of SIBs than LIBs .
In addition, in P2-type Na 0.67 Ni 0.3-x Cu x Mn 0.7 O 2 , the lattice parameters of a-and c-axis values are linearly increased by increasing the amount of Cu for Ni.
We found that the E a for sodium insertion at 56 and 54 kJ mol -1 for the slope and plateau region were lower than that for lithium insertion at 65 and 66 kJ mol -1 .
The three sodium storage behaviors are further illustrated by kinetic processes of Na + storage from the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) in Fig.
As demonstrated in Figure 6C, Li et al. in-situ coated O3-NaNi 1/3 Mn 1/3 Fe 1/3 O 2 with sodium ion conductor Na 2 SiO 3 , effectively preventing phase transitions .
This work elucidated the role of salt and solvent in forming a stable SEI on hard carbon, providing a guideline for designing an electrolyte for sodium-ion batteries.
During the past few years, many research groups have begun to conduct in-depth studies on organic compounds to explore their potential sodium storage characteristics.
The proposed borophene/graphene heterostructure anode material for sodium-ion batteries was studied using density functional theory (DFT) to ascertain its properties.
Interestingly, Qian et al. 165 synthesized hard carbon materials by pyrolysis of sulphurdoped polyacrylonitrile at various pyrolysis temperatures (800 °C to 1200 °C).
In this study, the properties of B/G heterostructures as an anode of sodium-ion battery have studied computationally using the density functional theory (DFT) method.
The unique insights that this technique can provide make it a highly useful tool for understanding and optimising the electrochemical performance of new hard carbons.
As these regions become saturated, the increasing local concentration of sodium ions gives rise to significant electrostatic repulsion, which can reduce ion mobility.
This has led to increasing interest in the development of new sodium-ion batteries and new analytical methods to non-invasively, directly visualise battery chemistry.
In this study, we used a hydrothermal method to synthesize Na 3 MPO 4 CO 3 (M = Co/Ni) and investigated its cathode properties in Na-ion batteries for the first time.
Recently, other particular probe molecules, such as O2 and H2 at 77K, have been reported to be efficiently approached for the evaluation of hard carbon porosity 176 .
This work shows the promise of exploring intermetallic-forming coatings as a path towards lowering the interfacial resistance between molten Na and NaSICON at 110 °C.
While some studies associate this with sodium insertion processes at the slope region, 54 we do not observe any reversibility in intensity changes during desodiation.
Notably, Na-ion cells have distinct advantages, such as lower cost of Na sources, abundance on the planet, and battery performance comparable to that of Li-ion cells.
Whereas bare NaSICON displayed a charging voltage higher on the first cycle than subsequent cycles, Sn-coated NaSICON displayed a consistent charge-discharge profile.
To the best of our knowledge, to date, hardly any experimental effort of research on sodium storage on GY and GDY has been reported, even for theoretical calculation.
Supplementary Fig. 14 presents Zr K-edge XANES spectra of HNISEs, analyzed to link average local chemical environments to Na-ion migration within the amorphous phase.
Therefore, titanium-based anodes are regarded as potential substitutes for SIBs, which can embed/remove sodium ions reversibly while maintaining structural integrity.
As illustrated in Fig. 1, the coffee-waste-derived hard carbons were synthesised using three different synthesis routes which involved three pre-treatment conditions.
Now it is imperative to develop a proper preparation method to obtain hard carbon anode particles with high initial coulombic efficiency and good cycling performance.
This is interpreted to mean that the charge transfer resistance across the Na-NaSICON interface decreases, while the series resistance of the cell modestly increases.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a promising complementary technology to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), largely due to sodium's abundance and affordability.
In summary, we have synthesized porous hard carbon anode powders derived from abundant natural and low-cost pinecone (PHC) by a simple two-step carbonization process.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have long been neglected in favour of Lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), mainly due to the successful commercialization of LIBs early in 1990s.
As a practical anode for aqueous NIBs, NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 with a NASICON framework has been reported to be an efficient anode in 2 M Na 2 SO 4 aqueous electrolytes 17 .
In traditional transition metal oxides (NaTMO 2 ), the redox reaction is occurred from the active TM sites, which provides the charge compensation for sodium storage.
KOH-activated hard carbon gave better performance among all and the results are supported by various characterization techniques like Raman spectroscopy, BET and TEM.
Based on this evidence, we conclude that the excess Sn forms a sodium ion-conducting intermetallic phase, rather than a blocking layer, on the surface of the NaSICON.
Here we propose an in-situ construction to achieve simultaneous material synthesis and Mg/Sn co-substitution of Na0.67Ni0.33Mn0.67O2 via one-pot solid-state sintering.
We observed that after optimizing the Na-adsorbed states, the sodium ions located in position (f) site became slightly more stable compared to the one in position (e).
The enhancement of the flat low voltage platform in other words, the enhancement of sodium ion embedding is conducive to the improvement in reversible capacity and CE.
Compared with graphite anodes, metal compounds exhibit intriguing reversible capacity because these compounds could store Na-ion by alloying and conversion reactions .
Amorphous Si comprising nanocubes or boxes with hollow structures has been composited with rGO to exploit the SIB anode potential of this novel architecture material .
Drawing inspiration from previously reported cathode materials for Li-ion batteries, many research groups have reported various cathode materials for Na-ion batteries.
According to literature describing the effect of using LiPF 6 , these solutions should passivate if the sodium-ions do not significantly alter the passivation process.
Before XPS tests, the cycled hard carbon was washed with dimethoxyethane three times to remove residual electrolytes and then dried by evaporation in a vacuum chamber.
The analysis of the XRD pattern of the as obtained sample (Figure SI 3) shows that it consists of a mixture between P3-type layered compound, NiO and still Na 2 CO 3 .
While for the reference, the "discharge" capacity is equal to 0, for P3-type samples the discharge capacity is somehow equivalent and around 50 mAh.g -1 (Figure SI 5).
The results reveal that the intercalation of sodium ions in the layered structure causes the layers to expand, with some sodium ions trapped at the intercalation site.
The reason for the decrease in the proportion of the diffusion process is that sodium ions are difficult to enter the interior of hard carbon at higher scanning rates.
Prussian blue analog-based precatalysts are activated via in situ electrochemical transformation to form metal (oxy)hydroxides with Fe doping and defect incorporation.
While the ordered phase represents an exceptionally stable Na-ion cathode system, the electrochemical behavior of the disordered system is less attractive (Figure 3b).
A novel Li doped Fe-Mn-based layered compound with chemical formula of Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 (NLFMO) was successfully prepared by a traditional solid-state method.
When the pressure applied is higher than 1.1 kN/cm, with the increasing amount of hard carbon, the variation of compaction density and porosity have the opposite rule.
When the O in the carbonyl groups react with Na-ions and electrons, the carbon-carbon and carbon-oxygen double bonds are cleaved and rebonded to form a stable product.
Last, the crucial challenges of Nb-C and VC electrodes employed in SIBs are explained, and future prospects for the SIB application of these electrodes are elaborated.
When increasing the pyrolysis treatment from 900 °C to 1700 °C, a clear decrease in ID/IG from 1.35 to 1.04 was observed for spherical hard carbon derived from starch.
The measured GITT proles of all the electrodes as a function of potential along with the values of sodium ion diffusion coefficients (D Na + ) are shown in Fig. 6a-c.
The crystalline phase could be stabilized by inserting the glass matrix and forming a three-dimensional continuous percolation network for rapid sodium ion conduction.
The CV curves in the 2nd and 5th cycles almost overlapped, suggesting high reversibility and good cycling stability of sodium ions storage in this MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid.
On the contrary, there are also open pores that do not allow electrolytes to go inside, which indicates that the pores are "closed" for the sodium-ion storage process.
Biomass holds significant potential for large-scale synthesis of hard carbon (HC), and HC is seen as the most promising anode material for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
Therefore, the chemical reaction between the electrolyte and the Na anode does not significantly affect the properties and characterization of the SEI on hard carbons.
In the third stage, when the potential drops below 0.05 V, D Na + increases again, indicating the gradual lling of closed pores or defect-rich regions by sodium ions.
In contrast to Li-ion LTMOs, Na-ion LTMOs exhibit more complicated structures that undergo complex phase transitions during both synthesis and electrochemical cycling.
This observation is consistent with the observed high rate capability of hard carbon, which is facilitated by the adsorption of Na ions on internal graphitic surfaces.
Besides, we have previously demonstrated that Prussian blue (analogue)-based materials have high affinity for cesium ions, which are an excellent adsorbent materials .
O3 and P2-type layered oxides are the most common structural polymorphs 5 where O denotes the octahedral and P the prismatic coordination of sodium-ions, respectively.
The NaF on the surface of the hard carbon is formed from the decomposition of fluoride-containing materials; NaPF 6 salt (eqn ) and the additional fluoride source FEC.
You et al synthesized Na-enriched Prussian blue, Na1+xFe III [Fe II (CN)6] from the solution of ferric salt which was added under stirring to a solution of Na4Fe(CN)6.
This work provides a comprehensive view of the optimal design of hard carbon anodes and the key properties to improve their performance in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
However, the practical application of sodium-ion batteries is hindered by the limited electrochemical performance of electrode materials, especially at the anode side.
Recently, CATL, a leading power battery company, held a sodium-ion battery conference showcasing Prussian white and HC SIBs with energy densities up to 160 W h kg À1 .
The optimal ratio of bituminous coal to Zn 2 (OH) 2 CO 3 is 4 : 1, which is benecial for improving the reversible specic capacity of coal-derived hard carbon anodes.
Recently, due to the low cost and ubiquitous sodium resource, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have also attracted widespread attention as a promising alternative to LIBs .
The special turbine-like graphite domain structure in the hard carbon endows a buffer zone to endure the volume expansion induced by K + intercalation/deintercalation.
This work may provide a feasible synthesis solution and structural perspective of transition metal nitrides atomic nanoclusters to be applied for sodium-ion batteries.
Importantly, such improvements in ASIB cyclability are elucidated to be only reliable when using the Nafion-Na/ NaX protection on both cathode and anode surfaces (Fig.
This can partly explain the higher capacity for Na-ion coin cells and it also points out the potential application of TiHCF as electrode material for Na-ion batteries.
Introducing heteroatoms into the active material has also been suggested to be an effective way to promote the sodium storage performance of titanium-based materials .
The corresponding interlayer distance of RGO nanosheets is 4.3 Å (calculated from d-spacing), which is sufficiently large for the insertion/ extraction of sodium ions.
NASICONs possess high flexibility toward cation-substitution, high chemical stability and ion conductivity competitive to or even surpassing conventional b''-alumina .
As a result, the titania-graphene hybrid exhibits exceptional long-term cycle stability up to 5000 cycles, and ultrahigh rate capability up to 20 C for sodium storage.
This performance is comparable to other high-performing sodium-ion battery negative electrode materials reported in recent studies (Fig. 2g and Supplementary Table 7).
The composite electrode is much better than hard carbon electrodes in terms of rate and cycling stability in the same electrolyte systems with or without FEC additive.
Bidding mechanism in the auxiliary service market will be improved day by day, and the low-cost SIB energy storage system will have an advantage in the bidding system.
Due to its similarities, we attribute the measured capacity of around 70 mA h g À1 provided by the C65 electrode to a similar sodium insertion as described for SuperP.
It is of certain research significance to develop and use non-toxic and abundant elements (such as Fe, Mn and Ni) to replace V to prepare NASICON structural compounds.
Instead of using complex hybridization strategies, the ability of mechanical mixing to yield stable high-performance Sb/C sodium-ion battery (NIB) electrodes is shown.
In addition, to further reveal the practical potential of the O3-NFCNTSL cathode, the full cell was assembled with O3-NFCNTSL as cathode and hard carbon (HC) as anode.
This work offers new mechanistic insights into pore evolution and provides a practical route for tailoring high-performance hard carbon anodes for nextgeneration SIBs.
Thus, rate performance of O3-type materials is slightly lower than that of P2-type materials, which can be improved by reasonable adjustment of the crystal structure .
Finally, we obtained several pinecone derived hard carbon samples and labeled them as PHC500, PHC800, PHC850, PHC900, PHC1000, PHC1200, PHC1400, PHC1600, respectively.
Hence, the addition of Li salt facilitates the formation of SEI on hard carbon electrodes, ensuring a decrease in the cathodic side reaction on hard carbon electrodes.
Cells assembled with Sn-coated NaSICON, regardless of Sn coating thickness, see the two semicircles present before cycling change to a single semicircle after cycling.
Therefore, it is proposed that the Na-ion storage mechanism of MoSe 2 aer the rst cycle most probably involves the reversible conversion reaction from Se to Na 2 Se.
In our previous work 18 , the ZTC was used as anode materials of SIB and offered a first discharge capacity of up to 1714 mAh g -1 at a current density of 0.1 A•g -1 .
The present strategy may be extended to fabricate other flexible nanocomposite membranes serving as highperformance binder-free electrodes for future SIB applications.
Thus, to study the voltage behavior of metal sulfide composites in ether-based electrolytes will provide a new perspective to pursue desired sodium storage properties.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are a promising solution for large-scale energy storage, but their development is hindered by the limited performance of cathode materials.
Among the methods to increase the energy density, Prussian blue structured metal cyanides are chosen as the cathode in this article to achieve a higher energy density.
In this work, we conducted a systematic study using two hard carbon materials synthesised from sustainable biowaste precursors at different carbonisation temperatures.
Designing positive electrode materials for Li-ion and Na-ion batteries without using expensive metals is of critical importance for sustainable energy storage systems.
After doping and substitution, the free volume caused by phonon is large, and the transition probability of sodium ion from one site to the adjacent site is increased.
The sodium metal electrode (99.9%, Sigma Aldrich) was punched using a 3 mm diameter die and mechanically stacked onto the unpolished side of NZSP using a glass gasket.
Hard carbon has been widely used in anode of lithium/sodium ion battery, electrode of supercapacitor, and carbon molecular sieve for CO 2 capture and hydrogen storage.
Sodium hexacyanoferrate, or Prussian white (PW), is a cheap cathode material for rechargeable sodium-ion batteries, exhibiting high capacity and charge/discharge rate.
Importantly, the initial dq/ dV curve of MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC exhibits less irreversible reactions, indicating that it is a more stable anode material for sodium storage.
Tensile strain is also predicted to reduce the binding energies of blocking anti-site defects, and slightly increase their formation energy (especially for NaFePO 4 ).
In the Na-doped alloy, ZrNa0.5Cr1.5, the Cr-3d and Zr-4d states remain predominant, with peak values of 2.84 and 1.53 states/eV at -0.62 eV and -0.63 eV, respectively.
Polished NaSICON disks for wetting tests were coated with Sn on one side, while NaSICON disks for symmetric cells were coated on both sides to the specified thickness.
Higher current densities of 500 mA cm -2 and 1000 mA cm -2 were applied to Sn-coated NaSICON pellets to evaluate the "critical" current density enabled by the coating.
We tested the 0.5 C-rate long-term cycling of the RAHC/hard carbon full cell during 300 cycles for comparison with the bulk/hard carbon full cell at 30 °C (Fig. 5a-c).
Sodium-ion batteries are very promising candidates to replace lithium-ion batteries for large-scale energy storage systems because of their cost and safety guarantees.
The refinement of the rate occupancy confirmed that sodiation occurred selectively within the titanium vacancies (up to 0.17 Na+) rather than in the interstitial site.
The NTP-M//NVOPF-rGO Na-ion full-cell Through the above results, the cathode (NVOPF-rGO) material has shown much improved electrochemical properties with a CMC binder.
A suitable sacrificial template for porous hard carbons decomposes upon pyrolysis, creating hollow spaces without the need to be removed by additional synthetic steps.
To the best of our knowledge, to date, hardly any research experimental effort on the sodium storage on borophene has been reported, even for theoretical calculations.
On account of its weak ionic bond and the larger radius of Na + (0.102 nm vs. 0.076 nm for Li + ), traditional commercial graphite can hardly accommodate sodium ions .
Transition metal sulfides are considered as one of the most potential anode materials in sodium-ion batteries due to their high capacity, low cost, and rich resources.
The accuracy of the total energy was set at 10 -6 eV, and the initial structures of NaMnO 2 were obtained from Rietveld refinements of the X-ray diffraction (XRD) data.
More encouragingly, the assembled quasi-solid-state fiber-shaped SIB could achieve a high capacity of 34.21 mAh cm -3 and impressive energy density of 39.32 mWh cm -3 .
It develops and discloses a specific tool for dimensioning and assessing SIB cells, including a cell-specific model of an advanced hydrometallurgical recycling process.
Consequently, the Fe 7 S 8 /FeS 2 / NCNT electrode delivered high sodium storage capacity, rapid ionic diffusion kinetics, and remarkable electrochemical reversibility.
However, due to the dense structure of coal, it is difficult to prepare closed pores inside the coal-derived hard carbon, which is not conducive to increasing capacity.
The pre-pyrolysis temperature is one of the key factors, which inuences the performance of the peat-derived hard carbon in the half-cell charge-discharge measurements.
Direct, pyrometallurgy, and hydrometallurgy recycling methods have been extensively developed for LIBs, 3 , 124 , 125 which can thus be translated to Na-ion technology.
Furthermore, the stabilized NASICON electrolyte in argon atmosphere also shows superior electrochemical performance when tested with Li metal in symmetric battery cell.
NASICON-type NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (denoted as NTP) as anode was synthesized by the solid-state method 25 , and then mixed NTP with AB and PTFE in a weight ratio of 70:25:5.
Eventually, the slow growth and constant release of Ni ions helped these nucleuses to develop well-formed monodispersed Prussian blue nanocubes with high crystallinity.
These results affirm the effectiveness of our database integration and predictive modeling approach in acquiring NASICON compounds with noteworthy ionic conductivities.
Herein we report key developments on the scale-up of sodium ion anode free batteries through investigation of the effects of applied external pressure cell performance.
The resultant sodium-ion battery showed a stable capacity retention of 84.5% after 2000 charge/discharge cycles and could be operated in temperatures from -20 to 60 °C.
The smallest difference of the average bond length is 0.009 Å in NaCoO2 polymorphs followed by 0.045 Å in LiNiO2, 0.051 Å in NiO2, and 0.104 Å in NaMnO2 as in Table S2.
This study highlighted the theoretical characterization of the physico-chemical properties of NLNMO as a possible high-energy cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
The ionic and electronic conductivities of uncoated NaSICON were measured by sputtering with gold blocking electrodes and applying AC and DC polarization, respectively.
The FeSe x -rGO composite powders showed excellent long-term cycling performance at a high current density of 1 A g -1 and good rate performance for sodium-ion storage.
The reaction mechanism involved dual alloying/dealloying followed by a conversion reaction with good reversibility, which could mitigate challenges faced by SIB anodes.
The lifetime of sodium-ion batteries is strongly affected by degradation species and contaminants such as H 2 O and HF, which are produced during formation and cycling.
The use of a Na 3 BS 3 glass electrolyte with reduction stability can lead to the successful charging and discharging of all-solid-state cell that utilizes hard carbon.
In general, processes need to be developed for SIBs that are tailored for SIB recycling to be competitive in terms of CED of battery cells based on secondary materials.
To elucidate the sodium storage mechanism of the MoS 2 /C-SAV electrode, in situ Raman spectroscopy and ex situ TEM were employed to investigate the conversion process.
The cycling stability for a Na-ion full-cell should be enhanced, and this result indicates the feasibility of the NVOPF-rGO electrode as a cathode for Na-ion batteries.
In this work, we developed a modied air-compatible ultrafast high temperature sintering method capable of sintering lithium conducting NASICON electrolytes in minutes.
First, we studied the charge-discharge cycling performance of hard carbon half cells using various Na salts in combination with reduction-tolerant DME solvent (Fig. 2).
Temperature-dependent QENS measurements were performed to obtain information about the sodium diffusion mechanism within the crystal structure of our NASICON materials.
The distribution in relation to each of these key inuencing factors used to determine the electrochemical performance of the hard carbon anode is presented in Table 2.
Since sodium (ion radius is 1.16 Å) is larger than lithium (ion radius is 0.90 Å), there is a large amount of intercalation and deintercalation in sodium-ion batteries.
To more clearly understand the effects of different SEI components on the solvation structure and sodium ion transport kinetics, the summary data are shown in Table S2.
The obtained Li K-edge electron energy loss spectroscopy (EELS) peaks were processed to demonstrate the Li occupation site at the O3-type, positive electrode structure.
This electrochemical reaction results in the intercalation of sodium ions into the anode material, typically composed of carbon-based or other sodium-hosting compounds.
Correction for 'On the environmental competitiveness of sodium-ion batteries under a full life cycle perspectivea cell-chemistry specific modelling approach' by Jens F.
Typically, sodium storage behavior can be categorized into two components: (i) a fast reaction governed by capacitive processes and (ii) a slower battery-like reaction.
The slurry of hard carbon (80 wt%), super P (10 wt%) and polyvinylidene fluoride (10 wt%) was applied onto the copper foil and dried at 90 °C for 12 h in a vacuum oven.
At high SOCs, the TR event in the tested SIB cell type was accompanied by pronounced jelly roll ejection, complicating TR-identication based on cell temperature alone.
Moreover, the high-entropy cathode has superior compatibility to hard carbon anode and delivers specific capacity of 90.4 mAh g -1 (energy density of ~267.5 Wh kg -1 ).
Several parameters are known to affect the formation of hard carbon and its properties (i.e., morphology, structure, chemical composition (heteroatoms/impurities), etc.
Biomass-derived hard carbon as the anode of SIBs also received substantial attention due to their easy obtain, low cost, abundant pore structure, and well performance .
The galvanostatic and differential capacity curves (dQ/dV) provide an initial insight into the processes associated with sodium storage in hard carbon-based electrodes.
Additionally, as shown in Fig. 2, the SPE demonstrated enhanced interfacial stability of the sodium metal anode and an ionic conductivity of 9.4×10 -5 S cm -1 at 60 ℃ .
Due to the decrease of BET surface area after loading silicon oxycarbides on hard carbon, the composites show a higher ICE (around 72%) than the pure hard carbon (63%).
In summary, we have successfully synthesized porous hard carbon from renewable and cost-effective cypress sawdust through a simplied, low-energy chemical pretreatment.
Herein, we presented a comparative study on microsized Sn anode for sodium-ion batteries during charge/discharge in ether-based and carbonate-based electrolytes system.
The diffraction pattern shows two broad peaks centered at around 231 and 441 that are attributed to the and diffractions of hard carbons, respectively (Fig. 1d and Fig.
Our strategy provides a new path to improve the performance of the hard carbon anode in potassium ion batteries. † Electronic supplementary information (ESI) available.
Herein, we propose a phosphite based layered open framework, Na 2 [(VOHPO 3 ) 2 (C 2 O 4 )]$2H 2 O (NVPox), as a novel positive electrode material for Na-ion batteries.
Moreover, the significant ICE difference in ester and ether electrolytes allows us to deduce the irreversible Na loss from the electrochemical behavior of hard carbons.
By this work, we look at the several compositions of binary and ternary solid solutions containing Na2MnO3, NacoO2, and (1-x-y) NaNi0.7Co0.3O2 doped with Al (Scheme 2).
During the sodiation of hard carbons, four different types of processes are expected: adsorption, intercalation, pore filling and electrolyte decomposition (Figure 27).
In addition, Wang et al. 229 demonstrated that acidic treatment (e.g., H2SO4) can reduce the ID/IG ratio from 2.7 to 2.1 for hard carbon produced from Platanus biomass.
In this work, porous structured ternary nickel-iron-phosphides (Ni-Fe-P) nanocubes were synthesized through onestep phosphidation of Ni-Fe based Prussian blue analogue.
Wang et al. proposed a poreforming-opening strategy to achieve a high-capacity hard carbon anode with the precursor of natural balsa (439 mAh g -1 at 100 mA g -1 ) 23 .
In the hybrid powder system, although the space between graphite and spherical hard carbon is compressed, majority of through holes and crosslinking holes still remain.
Zhou's group obtained O3-type Ru-doped Cr-based layered oxide cathode with excellent cycling stability with super capacity retention (80.7%) after 1 100 cycles in 2019.
So far, the performance in SIB is generally worse than that in LIBs when the same electrode material is used, including capacity, high rate capability and polarization.
Besides, Na0.7Mg0.15LixMn0.85-xO2 (x = 0, 0.05, 0.07, 0.1. 0.13) with various Li substitution contents were prepared to identify the formation process of LiTM and LiAM.
Here, we propose a P2-layered Li dual-site substituted Na0.7Li0.03[Mg0.15Li0.07Mn0.75]O2 (NMLMO) cathode material with the high-capacity and zero-strain characteristic.
In these studies, a sufficient Na content and complete solid-solution reaction are considered critical to achieving high-rate and highly stable P2-type cathodes 14,27 .
For the LIB case, except for the metallic lithium foil as the counterelectrode and 1 M LiPF 6 as the solute, the other parameters are the same with the SIB fabrication.
Finally, this work will contribute to the development of high-energy KIBs by providing hard carbon with suitable properties which are tuned by the synthesis conditions.
These features, which are absent in Na 3 VP electrodes, are because of the oxidation V 2+ /V 3+ in the Naenriched phase and the extraction of the pre-doped sodium ions.
Compare to Li-ion batteries, TiHCF had better performance in Na-ion batteries, showing higher capacity (74 mAh g -1 at C/20 rate) and retention (94.5% after 50 cycles).
A benchmark of different transition metal and sodium precursors allowed to select a fully-hydroxide route further optimized to obtain high Na content P3-type compounds.
This intermediate phase then begins to convert to an O3-type NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 at 730 °C, with the conversion being completed after calcining for 2 h at 850 °C.
Furthermore, realizing the distinct reaction pathways and sodium storage processes in carbide-based anodes will provide more insights for the development of future SIBs.
Ag/AgCl), high specific capacity (268.8 mAh g -1 at 0.2 A g -1 ), ultra-stable and fast sodium ion storage behavior (216 mAh g -1 at 20 A g -1 ) in 2 M NaOH electrolyte.
Na-ion LTMOs also exhibit different orderings and defects (transition metal, Na + /vacancy, stacking faults) that significantly impact their electrochemical properties .
For the stress measurements, the NFM111 electrode (20.26 cm 2 ) is cycled against sodium metal in a beaker cell assembled and tested inside an inert-atmosphere glovebox.
P2-type sodium manganese-rich layered oxides are promising cathode candidates for sodium-based batteries because of their appealing cost-effective and capacity features.
The hard carbon is modelled according to a previous work as being sourced from petroleum coke, found to show good environmental results due to a high process efficiency.
The α-NaMnO 2 has cell parameters of a = 5.53 Å, b = 2.860 Å, c = 5.77 Å, and β = 112°, while the β-NaMnO 2 cell parameters are a = 4.77 Å, b = 2.852 Å, and c = 6.31 Å .
The slow Na-ion diffusion and electrochemical reaction also demand more time to complete electrochemical measurement and data collection/analysis (Supplementary Note 1).
Sodium ions (Na + ) diffused through the NASICON from the sodium metal electrode (on the underside of the cell), towards areas where the probes are positioned (Fig. 1b).
Finally, the effect of strain on the anti-site cluster formation energy is negligible (LiFePO 4 ) or positive (NaFePO 4 ) when tensile strain in applied in the ac plane.
Sodium ions have a larger ionic radius compared to lithium (1.02 Å vs. 0.76 Å), which influences phase stability, crystallographic structure and transport properties 1 .
The results demonstrate that integrating LSPO into the polymer matrix enhances the thermal stability of NASICON-PEO composites compared to other ceramic-polymer systems.
The resulting assemblage (Fig. 1a,d) had ~50 μm thickness of the air-electrode, comprised of porous Nasicon, Ni nanoparticle, and porous Ni layer as a current collector.
In view of the problems existing in sodium metal batteries (SMBs), most of researches synthesize and design metal anode materials from the perspective of sodiophilicity.
The operando synchrotron XRD results showed that the P2-type Na 2/3 (Mn 6/8 Ni 2/8 )O 2 cathode material that at the high voltage state experienced a two phase reaction.
In principle, a rechargeable Na-ion battery operating is similar to a Li-ion battery, which is based on ion insertion/extraction between the anode and cathode materials.
Moreover, the average coulombic efficiency of CuMgTi-571 achieves 98.0% compared to 95.4% of NaMNO 2 , suggesting the fast dynamics and high reversibility of CuMgTi-571.
Sony used hard carbon obtained from poly furfuryl alcohol for the first time as an anode material in 1991, marking the beginning of the industrialization of hard carbon.
Thus, the highest ICL is seen for very small pores, and can be associated with both Na-ion trapping in narrow spaces 20 and electrolyte decomposition with SEI formation.
Moreover, traditional carbonaceous materials such as hard carbon were capable of delivering a respectable cyclic stability with high capacities of ~300 mAh g - 1 12,13 .
Adrian Beda et al. examined the impact of inorganic impurities present in biomass on the characteristics of hard carbon and their subsequent electrochemical performance.
Wu et al. reported the Sn-SnS-C nanocomposites with the reversible ability of 664 mAh g -1 at 20 mA g -1 and 350 mAh g -1 at 800 mA g -1 as SIB anodes (Wu et al., 2013).
Having found the high stability of NaBPh 4 salt, we next tested hard carbon half cells using various electrolyte solvents with a focus on the reaction kinetics (Fig. 3).
Firstly, they are low cost before sodium element is abundantly stored in the earth, thereby making sodium-ion batteries significantly cheaper than lithium-ion batteries.
However, the scarcity of Li and the demand for energy storage for renewables has led to intense interest in Na-ion batteries, including structurally-related Na x CoO 2 .
Cellulosebased separators have the advantages of environmental friendliness, superior thermal stability and degradability, which make them attractive for SIB separators.
The unique microstructure of CrGO provides stability during the sodium storage process and exhibits fast ion capacitive adsorption behavior, enhancing reaction kinetics.
Since valence band holes are created by the B/C structures, more sodium ions would be captured easily, which motivates more sodium ions to intercalate electrochemically.
The updated understanding presented in this review is anticipated to guide and expedite the development of P2-type layered oxide cathodes for practical SIB applications.
Therefore, our experiment was performed using NASICON pellets sintered at 1100 ℃, which was determined to be the optimum condition, with a porosity of approximately 10%.
Because Prussian blue compounds have a unique open framework and three-dimensional large pore structure, they are suitable for the migration and storage of sodium ions .
However, most symmetric batteries of NASICON-type phosphates were tested in organic elecrolyte 192,193], the report about aqueous symmetric batteries are quite limited .
Carbon-coated sodium iron pyrophosphate (Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 ) was prepared by a simple and low-cost pyro-synthesis route for further use as the cathode for Na-ion batteries.
As one of the most promising cathodes for rechargeable sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), Layered transition metal oxides with high energy density show poor cycling stability.
A structural analysis performed by means of pair distribution function obtained on sodiated electrode demonstrated that sodium ions are inserted into titanium vacancies.
The measured pseudo-capacitive storage behavior allows to a fast uptake/release of the sodium ion and long cycle life at ultrahigh rate for TiS 2 /S-TiO 2 /C electrodes.
In general, most of the reports focus on boosting sodium storage of NFS; the effect of conductive carbon materials on the electrochemical performance is still a mystery.
A half-cell CR2032 was assembled using a MnS electrode with sodium metal as the counter and reference electrode, and 1 M NaPF 6 in diglyme (DGM) was used as electrolyte.
However, challenges include significant volume and conductivity changes, cyclability, low capacity, and hindered overall rate performance in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
In addition, the resistance at the NASICON/soft electrolyte interface was low for NaCBH and the PE, suggesting that these electrolytes form good interfaces with NASICON.
A unique feature of sodium layered oxides is their ability to crystallize into a thermodynamically stable P2-type layered structure with under-stoichiometric Na content.
Therefore, this work is a comprehensive study that investigates the relationship between biopolymer-derived hard carbon properties and their electrochemical performance.
In recent years, mangrove-derived char has attracted attention as an effective raw material for hard carbon production due to its relatively high abundance and low cost.
Using SnS 2 /Co 3 S 4 hollow nanocubes anchored on S-doped graphene prepared by the hydrothermal co-precipitation method as an SIB anode has shown a promising capacity .
The aim of our assessment was to provide an approach for the prospective screening of potential hazards of substances used as SIB and LIB cathode active materials (CAM).
Copyright 2024, John Wiley and Sons); (E) The corresponding migration energy barriers for Na-ion diffusion using NEB calculations (Reproduced with permission from Ref. .
The ionic size of sodium ions is larger than that of lithium ions and Na has different bonding characteristics that have effects different from those of lithium systems.
The sodium storage mechanisms during the 1st GDC cycle were investigated at selected interruption points (Fig. 5) by high-energy XRPD (Fig. 6) and PDF (Fig. 7) analyses.
The sodium storage mechanism has been intensively proposed on the key points to motivate the anionic redox that reported in Li-rich compounds from the last two decades .
In terms of the former, it is desirable that the crystal lattice structure of active materials should provide convenient channels to facilitate the migration of Na-ions.
NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NTP) with a NASICON structure offers large ion channels and rich sodium insertion sites, enhancing its electrochemical performance at low temperatures.
This observation provides direct experimental evidence for the exceptional structural integrity of the Sc/Zn co-doped NASICON electrolyte during electrochemical cycling.
Therefore, TB-I phase can be said to be the best choice for SIB anode application with respect to the reaction kinetics as well as volume change and electrode potential.
The CV curves of the second and third cycles are almost overlapped with each other, indicating the excellent reversible sodium storage of the Zn 0.76 Co 0.24 S@N/S-rGO .
Antimony (Sb) has a theoretical capacity of 660 mAh•g -1 upon full sodiation and hence holds great promises as the good anode candidate for high energy Na-ion batteries.
Typically, 1C = 237.7 mAh.g -1 and 372.2 mAh.g -1 were of the cathode and the anode, respectively, and 1C rate corresponding to the extraction of 1 sodium ion for 1 hour.
It has also been reported that AFM ordering, observed experimentally for NaMnO 2 , indeed corresponds to a lower energy with the change to FM ordering with Na vacancies .
In this work, we evaluated many presodiation methods and charge/discharge regimes on the sodium-ion full-cell with the available electrode materials such as HC and NFCCu.
Further, the higher sodium ion diffusion coefficient of 2-Nb 2 C/BTC than that of other components demonstrated its superior diffusivity during charge-discharge analysis.
As shown in Fig. 1a, by simply increasing the aging time, the ICE of the Na||hard carbon half-cell using an ether electrolyte (1 M NaPF 6diglyme, G2) gradually increases.
Limited studies have examined how factors such as solvent, precipitating agent, composition, pH, or stirring rate influence particle morphology in Li-ion or Na-ion LTMOs.
Thin ferroelectric layers of K 0.5 Na 0.5 NbO 3 were coated on the surface of the Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 framework without affecting its NASICON crystalline structure (Fig.
A highly functionalized C source derived from dopamine has been added to mitigate the conductivity and sluggish kinetics and stabilize the Zn 2 GeO 4 -derived SIB anode .
F-doping hard carbon (F-HC) was synthesized through a mild fluorination at temperature at relative low temperature as the potential anode for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
Lastly, various modifications adapted to cope with challenges faced by alloying SIB anodes are briefly detailed, followed by concrete recommendations for future research.
The large surface area and porous structure of NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C is beneficial to improve the sodium-ion storage properties (Wang H. et al., 2016;Wang G. et al., 2018).
To study the diffusion properties of sodium ions in MX 2 , a 3 × 3 × 1 supercell consisting of 18 M atoms and 36 X atoms is used, and a 6 × 6 × 6 K-point grid is adopted.
This work introduces an effective and general defect regulation strategy that holds promise for the development of superior TMD-based electrodes for sodium-ion batteries.
This is due to the fact that P2-type materials contain sodium vacancies and when cycled vs. metallic sodium, a larger amount of sodium can be inserted into the structure.
However, in orthophosphates (NaMPO 4 ), the edge-sharing of MO 6 octahedra and PO 4 tetrahedra provides more inductive pull, hence offering higher voltages than NASICON .
Regions across the NASICON surface were sodiated with increasing current densities, and a cycle graph was obtained to indicate whether the region can be cycled or failed.
Figure 5 shows calculated room temperature voltage profiles and phase diagrams of Li y TiS 2 , Na y TiS 2 , and Na y CoO 2 in the layered (O3-type) and spinel structures.
The inorganic materials are also used in the sodium ion batteries but from the past two decades the organic electrodes had been evolved by the extensive research on them.
Owing to the high mechanical strength of the protective layer that was generated during the activation period, the material mass was preserved during sodium-ion exchange.
This is attributed to the reversible redox reactions between Na + and the covalent C-S x -C bonds (x = 1-2), which can provide additional active sites for sodium storage.
Besides, the open 3D structure is more conducive to the free diffusion of sodium ions. 29 However, its low intrinsic conductivity affects the electrochemical performance.
The resolution 5 nm HRTEM image of the hard carbon product is shown in Fig. 6a, in which the 3-5 parallel lines in length around 3-5 nm are the microcrystals of graphene.
Considering the particle size and shape, it can be speculated to be a biomass based hard carbon (HC) material, similar to the commercially available KURANODE® by Kuraray.
The first four intervals in the NaSICON-23h cell display this arc-and-plateau pattern, with the overpotential becoming somewhat noisy near the end of the fourth interval.
Meanwhile, the NASICON compounds proposed by von Alpen et al. and Kuriakose et al. , which have the formula of Na 0.8+x Zr 1.55 Si x P 3-x O 11 , are deficient in ZrO 2 .
Because the energy difference of monoclinic and rhombohedral NaSICON is typically very small, this will not significantly influence the phase stability as discussed here.
However, only when the heat treatment temperature increases to 500 °C will the porous structure conducive to the diffusion of sodium ions/electrons be formed (Figure 1B).
The coin half-cell evaluation was performed with stacked electrode with sodium metal chip/glass filter/O3-type positive electrode and hard carbon electrode, respectively.
As In order to get a better picture of the global performances of the different hard carbons, total values of reversible capacities of all cycles are reported on Fig. 12.
As a result, the capacity, rate capability, and cycling stability of the hard carbon||P2-Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 Ti 1/3 O 2 full cell were considerably improved [Figure 9D].
Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy measurements reveal the structural stability of the composite nanofibers during repeated Na-ion insertion and extraction processes.
A 71.28 mAh single-coated lab-scale Na-ion pouch cell comprising a pre-sodiated hard carbon-based anode and B-doped cathode material is also reported as proof of concept.
This result is rather unexpected, since in the P2-type hexagonal structure of Na 0.67 Fe 1-y Mn y O 2 compounds, the iron atoms occupy only one crystallographic position.
When b equals to 0.5, Na-ion storage is dominated by diffusion-limited redox process, while it is dominated by surface-controlled capacitive process when b equals to 1.0.
This study addresses this concern by quantifying the energy density and carbon footprint (CF) of commercially pursued SIB cell chemistries through comprehensive modeling.
The interpretation of the stretching n(CN) ligand plays a major role in identifying Prussian blue analogues since these ligands act as linkers between 2 metallic centers.
The investigation of the electrochemical behavior of Na-rich P3-type compounds shows that they behave similarly to stable P2-type and O3-type homologue used as reference.
In this work, sodium cobalt phosphate (NaCoPO 4 ) was successfully prepared by a cost-effective ionothermal method using a deep eutectic solvent (DES) for the first time.
However, the SIB anode faces a more serious volume expansion problem, which means that the structure of the anode material is more likely to collapse and lead to failure.
For the hard carbon/CNTs composite samples (Fig. 1c andd), no CNTs can be observed on the surfaces, indicating that the CNTs are well dispersed in the mesoporous carbons.
Furthermore, others have reported that the O3-P3 transition occurs at a composition close to Na0.67(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2 in samples prepared at a lower temperature of 900 °C 22.
In the initial three cycles, the two reduction peaks at about 1.0 and 0.3 V correspond to the insertion of sodium ions with the formation of Sn and Na x Sn, respectively.
As seen in Figure 4(a), the NASICON ceramics have an average bending strength of 15 MPa (± 2 MPa), even when sintered at high temperature of 1260 ℃ with a higher density.
Sodium-ion storage performance of the composite electrode was investigated in coin cells using Na metal as the counter electrode, and 1 M NaClO 4 in EC/PC as electrolyte.
To extract structural compositions and physical properties of the polyanion sodium cathode materials dataset, the ase.io.read function from ASE 32 version 3.23.0 is used.
Additionally, S doping has been shown to improve the Na-ion storage capability of carbon materials by producing defects and pores and increasing the interlayer distance .
It can be clearly seen that CV curves in PLM@ LE can maintain a high degree of consistency after CV cycles, indicating that MOF has a good stability to sodium metal (Fig.
SIB with polyanionic compound cathodes have the advantages of good stability, cycle performance and safety, but its specific capacity is low and its conductivity is poor.
It is anticipated that the results of this study would be beneficial for the preparation of advanced NASICON-type solid electrolytes which show high ionic conductivities.
The NASICON solid electrolyte material characterization was investigated through an XRD analysis using a Bruker D8 Advance X-ray diffractometer with a Cu Kα X-ray source.
To demonstrate the potential of NFS@KB for practical application, a sodium-ion full cell was assembled by using the NFS@KB cathode and a hard carbon (HC) anode (Fig. 5d).
Figure 4e showed the XPS spectrum of Na 1s, and at point c where the discharge ends, the signal peak of sodium was the strongest, confirming the insertion of sodium ions.
A solution to obtain adequate glass forming ability besides keeping enough crystallization of the NASICON phase is an accurate modification of initial glass compositions.
Regarding the textural features of hard carbons, Table S2 † summarises the specic surface areas and pore volumes based on N 2 and CO 2 adsorption isotherms (see also Fig.
To gain greater insight into the reversible sodium storage mechanism in TiO2(B)-OV, in situ XRD analysis are presented in Figure 7 and Figure S14 (Supporting Information).
Structurally, one vital impact of OVs causes the larger d001spacing (0.65 nm) and d110spacing (0.37 nm), leading to be indispensable for accom-modating larger sodium ions.
The structure of NASICON material is made of two AO 6 hexagonal and three BO 4 octahedral, which make some paths for Li ions to move easily and create ionic conductivity .
Upon cycling of the sodium layered electrodes, the local bonding between Na atoms and TM changes largely, whereas TM-O bonds mostly maintain their octahedral coordination.
Additionally, HESSe exhibits a larger specific surface area and pore diameter (Supplementary Fig. 5b), which facilitates sodium ion transport and electrolyte infiltration.
The electrochemical measurements of the compounds were examined by 2032 type coin cells, and sodium metal served as counter electrode with a glass fiber film as separator.
The densification of the specimens seems to be controlled by the particle size distribution of the starting powders, incongruent melting of the NASICON phase and bloating.
Two hard carbon materials prepared from the carbonisation of biowaste at 700 °C and 1000 °C, here denoted as HC700 and HC1000, were ball-milled at 400 rpm for 2 h and 5 h.
The yolk-shell SnSe 2 @NC nanocubes demonstrate superior electrochemical properties, representing a potential strategy for the development of advanced SIB anode materials.
The typical hard carbon XRD pattern shows broad diffraction peaks, a sign of a low degree of graphitization, and asymmetric (hk0) crystallographic planes (Figure 8.a) 41 .
Typically, in layered NaMeO 2 compounds, sodium ions can occupy two distinct types of coordination environments: octahedral (O-type) and trigonal prismatic (P-type) sites.
The organic polymer Na x PO y F z can effectively inhibit electrolyte decomposition, while NaF is recognized for its ability to enhance the rapid transport of sodium ions.
The ndings of this research indicate that the newly discovered substance with NASICON characteristics holds great potential as a suitable contender for storing Na + ions.
As shown in Supplementary Fig. 9, presodiated hard carbon electrode shows the reversible discharge capacity of 257 mAh g À 1 (Na 0.68 C 6 ) with non-irreversible capacity.
To overcome the limited capacity of O3-type cathodes, it is important to create unique morphologies that endow highcapacity, long-term cyclability and high energy density.
Henceforth, future studies will focus more on the morphology and microstructure of these carbide materials to improve overall sodium ion diffusion and battery performance.
Crystalline Na-Si alloys have also been reported (e.g., NaSi 32 ), however, as previously noted, crystalline silicon is inactive towards electrochemical sodium insertion .
A Na-rich birnessite of monoclinic NaMnO 2 •0.1H 2 O with substantially suppressed Mn defects is developed, which boosts the upper charging cut-off potential to 1.4 V (vs.
Furthermore, it highlights the feasibility of employing these Nb-C/VC-based anodes to achieve high initial coulombic efficiency and rate capabilities for SIB applications.
The crystal structures and a Na-ion insertion/extraction-ability of sodiated manganese oxide (Na 1-x MnO 2 ) were earlier reported by Parent et al., (Parant et al., 1971).
The electrochemical tests were performed in Li-ion or Na-ion half-cells with elemental lithium or sodium acting as both the counter and reference electrodes, respectively.
In short, when comparing NaSICONs with different M-cations, the amplitude and maximum of the Na + conductivity are mainly determined by the Na + -cation pair interactions.
Similarly, there is no evidence from SEM-EDX studies (Figure S1) nor from Rietveld refinements (discussed later) for different Na-ion concentrations in the two polymorphs.
Our kinetics analysis verifies the surface-dominated redox reaction mechanism in the Na-ion storage process, whereas the battery-type diffusion contribution is suppressed.
Based on the values of the energy barrier, the Na-ion diffusivity in the trigonal P3 ̅ 1c phase would be higher than that in the monoclinic P21/n and trigonal R3 ̅ phases.
This surface degradation and mechanical damage hinder Na-ion transport, limits the utilization of active materials, and contributes to irreversible capacity loss in NFMMT.
Similarly, the utilization of a cross-linked binder has been proposed in a µ-Sn anode for SIB to ensure a high ICE and an extra-long cycle life with an improved capacity .
This work demonstrates that Sb MOF material with suitable organic ligand can achieve high sodium storage capacity and good cycle stability without carbonization treatment.
Stability within the topotactic NaSICON framework was also calculated by using the Ca1.5V2(PO4)3 , Na3V2(PO4)3 and V2(PO4)3) in the NaSICON structure as stable endmembers.
All-solid-state sodium-ion batteries have attracted increasing attention owing to the low cost of sodium and the enhanced safety compared to conventional Li-ion batteries.
However, if multiple sodium-ion reactions per TM are enabled, the effective active mass ratio can increase to ∼34-36 wt.%, which is comparable to that of LFP (35.4 wt.%) .
Hard carbon refers to the carbon materials obtained from resin, lignocellulose biomasses, and thermosetting plastics at moderate carbonization temperatures (1000 -2000°C).
The present work uses molten Na symmetric cells to better understand the mechanisms that enable high current densities in Sn-coated NaSICON (hereafter called SnNaSICONSn).
Based on the results of this study, it is expected that further research will be designed to manufacture the optimal NASICON compositions with higher ionic conductivities.
Another multiphasic graphene encapsulated Sn 4 P 3 and SnP 0.94 hybrid showing high aptitude for SIB anodes has been reported to offer long cyclic stability and capacity .
For Sodium-ion batteries, ARC is equally vital, though their different chemistries, such as hard carbon anodes and layered oxide cathodes, exhibit unique thermal profiles.
This was associated with the preferential formation of Na 3 P during the initial discharge stage due to the interaction between the phosphorization layer and sodium metal.
Therefore, we can reasonably attribute the improved performance and structure stability, observed exclusively in P2/P3-NaMNO, to its unique P2/P3 interphase configuration.
The microstructure evolutions of P2/P3 interphase in the P2/P3-NaMNO material cycled between 1.8 and 4.0 V was observed by atomicresolution HAADF-STEM technology (Fig. 4).
In fact, the controversy concerns two other sodium storage phenomena: intercalation between graphene layers into the small graphitic domains, and closed micropore-filling.
Various active positive electrode materials have been studied, primarily transition-metal oxides 6,7 , polyanionic compounds 8,9 , and Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) 10,11 .
Under the same capacity and voltage, both metal oxide type and Prussian blue type sodium ion batteries, the cost is lower than the current lithium iron phosphate battery .
The SEM image of sodium metal before cycling was shown in Fig. 5c, which shows that the surface of sodium metal was very smooth without the appearance of sodium dendrites.
Despite this, the porous structure of graphite facilitates sodium ion storage, making it a valuable anode material, albeit with certain limitations in long-term stability.
Conversely, in the P2 structure, sodium ions traverse a relatively roomy plane, facilitating a decrease in energy barriers and thereby accelerating the diffusion kinetics.
GITT and EIS (IM6, Zahner Elektrik) were performed to determine the Na-ion diffusion coefficients and evaluate the electrochemical kinetics of the prepared layered oxides.
Therefore, Na 3.12 Co 2.44 (P 2 O 7 ) 2 is considered a promising high-voltage cathode material for Na-ion batteries, if new electrolytes, which are stable above 4.5 V vs.
In practical application, cathode materials with relatively low sodium storage capacity and insufficient electron/ion conductivity actually hinder the advancement of SIBs.
Herein, to address these drawbacks, an etching-agent free method is developed to synthesize Prussian blue with a hollow structure, and the synthesis mechanism is revealed.
This structural picture is a part of the explanation for the interactions between sodium ions and hard carbons which fit well with hard carbon as anode for NIB technology.
Hard carbons are non-graphitizable carbons materials extensively studied as negative electrodes in NIB and constitute excellent candidates for the replacement of graphite.
In-situ XRD was performed to understand the reaction, and the results revealed a bi-phase reaction mechanism in NaTiOPO 4 during sodium intercalation and de-intercalation.
Due to the high technological similarity of LIB and SIB cells it can be used as a tool for dimensioning both future LIB and SIB cells for follow-up life cycle assessments.
A dual-SEI model is proposed based on the pre-desolvation, which well elucidates the irreversible Na losses in hard carbon anodes by valence analysis with depth profiling.
Since graphite was proven to be unsuitable for sodium-ion batteries having a very low capacity, researchers started to search for materials more suitable for this purpose.
Several authors have studied the impact of different hard carbon properties (e.g., d002, ID/IG, closed porosity, etc.) on both the slope and flat plateau capacity regions.
As a supplement to the dualatom doping, more defects are introduced into the triple atomdoped hard carbons, exhibiting a more attractive reversible capacity and stability.
The letter represents the sodium ions' crystallographic site (O = octahedral and P = trigonal prismatic), and it is followed by the number of MO 2 layers in the unit cell.
Combining electrochemical characterizations with operando SAXS, WAXS, and Raman spectroscopy provides a refined understanding of sodium storage mechanisms in hard carbons.
When sodium ions were embedded in the graphene layer, resulting in an irreversible quasi-plateau at ~ 0.5 V relative to Na + /Na, irreversible expansion could be observed.
The relatively low initial coulombic efficiency is primarily attributed to irreversible Na + consumption at the hard carbon anode, a common issue in sodium-ion full cells.
However, sodium, unlike lithium, cannot be intercalated in graphite and therefore there is a need to develop sodium anodes from alternative abundant and lowcost materials.
By simple carbonization and activation of a urea soaked self-crosslinked catalytical metal-alginate, we successfully synthesized a N-doped graphitized hard carbon (N-GHC).
Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2, a sodium layered cathode material is stable in the ambient atmosphere, unlike most NaMeO 2 materials that show an enhanced hygroscopic character.
With the support of experimental and theoretical studies, modified structures were used to investigate the effect of hard carbon structure on the sodium storage mechanism.
Iron-and manganese-based layered metal oxides, as cathodes for sodium ion batteries, have received widespread attention because of the low cost and high specific capacity.
The hard carbon anode was prepared by mixing the hard carbon powder with acetylene black and sodium alginate (SA) In a ratio of 9:0.5:0.5, and water was used as a solvent.
Gaussian smearing of width 0.1 eV was used for the LiCoO 2 and NaCoO 2 relaxations, while static calculations using the linear tetrahedron method were performed for CoO 2 .
Even in the fully sodiated NASICON phase there is already a significant amount of vacancies in the pathway network, corresponding to one-third of the total sites (M1 + M2).
Additionally, certain Na-ion electrolytes appear to react less violently under thermal stress, further distinguishing SIBs from LIBs in terms of fire and explosion hazards.
However, the commercial graphite anode used in lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) is not suitable for SIBs due to the difficult insertion of sodium ions into the graphite layers.
Hence, to get around these problems, we removed the metallic sodium electrode and prepared full-cells, comprising a hard carbon anode and O3-type mixed metal oxide cathode.
Comparing our results with those for nominally defect-free TiO2 reveals that sodium ions are first inserted into titanium vacancies without any changes to crystal symmetry.
Indeed, its corresponding unit cell parameters and volume indicate the entrapment of Na-ions (∼0.6 moles) in Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , in agreement with our electrochemical results.
Upon sodium insertion or extraction, the oxidation states of Mn and Ti remain unchanged, whereas Mn at the Mn and Mn sites would be responsible for the charge compensation.
Na + / Na. 10,11 This notable performance, along with HC's excellent electrochemical stability and cost-effectiveness, makes it the most promising candidate for SIB anodes.
Among the potential anode materials, hard carbon has garnered considerable attention owing to its competitive advantages in abundance, capacity, and operating potential 3 .
In summary, this work showcases a strategy for constructing a composite Na-ion anode material, which combines several active materials with functional synergy between them.
In this work, in situ phosphorus doped hard carbon (PHC-0.2) facilely synthesized by a hydrothermal polymerization method exhibits an enhanced capacity and outstanding ICE.
The large specic surface area and mesoporous properties facilitated fast Na-ion transport by creating abundant redoxactive sites, ultimately improving the rate capability.
Open-framework materials such as the Prussian Blue Analogues (PBAs) are a promising avenue of investigation to help meet these challenges for growing energy storage needs .
Furthermore, high iCE (up to 89%), high reversible capacities of approximately 300 mAh g -1 and long-term cycling stability were obtained for biopolymer-based hard carbons.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted great attention as a replacement for lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) because of the inexpensive and earth abundant sodium resources.
We also report the testing of the cathode material in coin cell configuration using Na metal or hard carbon as anode active materials and ether-based electrolyte solutions.
This suggests that phosphorization enhances the high-voltage reversible adsorption of bamboo powder-derived hard carbon, thereby facilitating rapid Na + transport kinetics.
Among them, "A" represents an alkali metal ion (such as the lithium ion and sodium ion), M' is typically Fe, denotes a vacancy, and M refers to a transition metal element .
The increasing degree of graphitization (decreasing interlayer spacing) with temperature influences the intercalation/deintercalation kinetics of Na + /K + in hard carbons.
Furthermore, seven additional P2/P3 or P2/O3 positive electrode materials, which possess similar X2/Y3 interphase configurations to that of P2/P3-NaMNO, were also prepared.
The higher capacitive contributions denote fast diffusion kinetics of Na + and excellent reversible sodium storage qualities when V 1.87 FeS 4 is employed as the SIB anode.
N, S doping, in addition to the porous CF, improved electronic conduction and ionic mobility in a way to sustain a capacity of 443 mAh g -1 over 200 cycles as an SIB anode.
In the first 3.5-year funding period, the focus was laid on the development of sodium-ion batteries, which are based on the same working principle as a Lithium-ion battery.
P3-type structure with trigonal prismatic sites can enable fast Na + migration compared to the octahedral sites in O-type structure, thus can deliver great rate capability.
This lack of data about SIB recycling can be explained with the early stage of development and the virtual non-existance of returned (spent) SIB that require EoL treatment.
On the contrary, Fig. 1b shows that when Na-ion content < T Na + and vacancy content > T vacancy , ion hopping is limited by the reduced mobility of Na-ion charge carriers.
Finally, we outline future research directions and potential avenues for the practical applications of polyanionic high-voltage cathodes in sodium-ion battery technologies.
To investigate the feasibility of the designed Ti@GPE, copper-iron-manganese-based Prussian blue analogs (CFM-PBAs) cathode was chosen as the cathode to assemble batteries.
Supporting Figure S9 Energies for the calculated structures of Na x Ni 0.33 Mn 0.67 O 2 (for top to bottom: Na0.67 and Na0.25) with different Na and vacancy configurations.
The nitrogen required for maintaining an inert atmosphere in the hard carbon production process also contributes a small but notable share to the impacts (3% of the total).
This method is critical for assessing the thermal stability and potential for thermal runaway reactions in battery systems, particularly in Li-ion and Sodium-ion batteries.
Since the use of olivine (LiFePO 4 ) for LIBs, the phosphate anion has been widely studied for both lithium and sodium-ion batteries due to its intrinsic thermal stability.
Our results indicate that this new NASICON-type Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 ) material is a promising cathode candidate for the next generation of SIBs in the near future.
This change in TH may lead to high values for Prussian blue analogue precursors on a CAM level, leading to higher impacts per kW h (over a THP of 2770, not displayed here).
As can be seen in Fig. 4, the application of a Sn coating on NaSICON substantially lowers the overpotential of a symmetric cell compared to one assembled with bare NaSICON.
P2-type Na 2/3 [Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 (NNMO) is a promising Na-ion battery cathode for its high operation voltage, high gravimetric capacity, and low critical element content.
In summary, we have developed a mesostructured CoNiSe 2 /NC derived from room-temperature-prepared MOFs, which exhibits high performance as a Na-ion battery anode material.
The hard carbon electrode cycled with the FEC-added electrolyte generated thick deposits on the surface from additional electrolyte decomposition during the various cycles.
The synthesized Na These results suggest that the incorporation of a small amount of Mo contributes to stabilizing the increased Mn content (1.2) in the NASICON framework .
Zheng et al. used a one-step pyrolysis method to prepare poplar wood as hard carbon, which had a capacity of 330 mA h g -1 at 1 C and decayed to below 100 mA h g -1 at 2 C.
In order to understand the electrochemical behavior of sodium-ion storage for MoS 2 /NSGs-G electrode, the CV test was implemented and the results are presented in Fig. 4A.
P2-type layered oxides are attractive cathode active materials for sodium-ion batteries, however, these materials typically suffer from detrimental Na + /vacancy orderings.
This work demonstrates that designing layered-columnar structure is an effective route for developing high-performance positive electrode materials of sodium ion batteries.
The enhanced Na-ions diffusion could be attributed to the carbon layer, which can restrain the agglomeration of particles and then reduce the diffusion distance of Na-ions.
Equivalent cells based on the use of liquid electrolytes, where NaFePO 4 is also used as cathode, capacity values in the range of 143-146 mAh/g at C/20 have been reported .
This study demonstrates the efficacy of the applied methodology in exploring large congurational spaces of NaSICONs and predicting promising materials for use in ASS-NIBs.
Na+/Na was employed to pre-dope active Na+ into the Na 3 VP lattice for the Na 4 VP cathode, successfully retaining the structure stability and electrochemical performance.
The metal organic frame work derived carbons (MOFWDC) have a more attention than hard carbons in the preparation of anode material for sodium ion and lithium ion batteries.
It has turned out that sodium-ion batteries can improve the sodium storage capacity, energy density, and cycle performance efficiently via the application of nanomaterials.
The as-prepared SnO 2 /nitrogen-doped graphene nanohybrids exhibit enhanced electrochemical performance for sodium-ion batteries compared to SnO 2 /graphene nanocomposites.
However, for large scale deployment and commercialization of the technology, the batteries are to exhibit cycle life greater than or equal to standard sodium ion batteries.
Eventually, hard carbon anode, glass fiber and Na foil were stacked in sequence and then encapsulated in aluminum-plastic film after adding a certain amount of electrolyte.
Namely the sites containing the atoms of dopants enhance the adsorption of Na + ions and facilitate the transport of sodium ions through the electrode-electrolyte boundary.
A sodium-ion battery (SIB) is a specific kind of battery that can be recharged, given that sodium is a plentiful element on Earth and is more stable than lithium batteries.
Na3ErCl6 and Na3GdCl6 exhibited negligible values of Na-ion MSD (~1 Å) during 100 ps at 1000 K (Figure S6), indicating the poor ionic conductivity of Na3ErCl6 and Na3GdCl6.
Even though TB-IV phase may not be much suitable for a fast charge/discharge kinetics, it is still worth considering as SIB anode material with its moderate ionic mobility.
High-performance sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) rely on efficient cathodes, constructed based on advances in excellent rate capability, high capacity, and small volume change.
However, SIBs, due to their lower capacity and shorter lifespan resulting from sodium ions being three times heavier than lithium ions, remained overlooked for a long time.
This proves relationships between structure modification and electrochemical signatures in the galvanostatic curves to obtain information on their sodium storage mechanism.
Galvanostatic charge-discharge experiments at constant and variable C-rates were carried out using MoS x -GO as an electrode in Li-and Na-ion battery half cells (Figure 5).
Obviously, the content of amorphous composition in wood precursor has an important influence on the pore structure and the graphitization degree of the derived hard carbon.
During cycling, Ca 2+ inserts into 6b sites on discharge, but Na + is removed on charge, as the composition of charged material was Ca0.9Na0.4V2(PO4)3 according to ICP-OES.
The experimental sXAS data display a reversible lineshape evolution upon sodium intercalation/extraction in accordance with the excellent cycling stability of the material.
Some interesting materials to investigate indepth are Prussian Blue Analogs (PBAs), 1,2 which display many special properties that affect the diffusion inside the material.
This Na 2 SiO 3 coating reduces polarization, mitigates voltage drop, and supports a larger Na + diffusion coefficient with its three-dimensional sodium ion diffusion path.
On the other hand, our group has successfully synthesized, tested, and reported the electrochemical performance of Zn-Ge-Sb glass anode network for use in Na-ion batteries.
To further explore Fe dissolution in this material, a 3-electrode cell (hard carbon counter electrode, Na reference electrode) was used to charge the material above 3 V vs.
Among them, P2-type layered oxides with low sodium content face the challenges of irreversible phase transitions, poor air/water stability, and low initial charge capacity.
The SIB scenario (Fig. 5c andf) represents a combination of the LFP and NMC scenarios in the initial years, as SIBs are predicted to enter the European market in 2030-2035.
In this work, novel fluorine-free Na-salts were solvated in PEG-500 and a matrix of PEO to obtain liquid and solid polymer electrolytes for sodium-ion battery applications.
In order to transmit ions when used in a battery, Na + ions in the NASICON type must pass through a bottlenecklike barrier when employed as a Solid State Electrolyte (SSE).
Sodium-containing layered oxides , as well as vanadophosphates and sodium iron phosphates are considered to be materials for the positive electrode of sodium-ion batteries.
Herein, we choose SnO 2 as a typical example to investigate the intrinsic nitrogen-doping effects for improving the sodium-ion storage in the graphene-based nanocomposites.
Li technologies [17, 18] By shifting from LIB technology to SIB technology, the anode and cathode host materials traditionally used in LIBs are no longer efficient in SIBs.
In total, 72 different structures were calculated at varying levels of calciation and sodiation to determine the thermodynamic stability of phases in the NaSICON structure.
This article mainly discusses the advantages and disadvantages of SIB and the research progress of cathode materials that have the greatest impact on the performance of SIB.
It is clear that the diffraction lines of the P2-type are much stronger than those of the P3-type, which is also illustrated from the Rietveld ratio (P2: 96 wt%, P3: 4 wt%).
This enables a thorough investigation of the impact of interlayer spacing and other important parameters on electrode performance for developing layered SIB anode materials.
Prussian blue (iron cyano-compound) has been expected as cesium adsorbent . it is because it has been used for medicine to eliminate radioactive cesium from the human body .
In summary, an ion-diffusion-enhanced FeS 2 QD/MXene anode with a unique delocalized electronic regions has been constructed for high sodium storage under wide temperatures.
Komaba et al. first testified the nanocrystallized α -Fe 2 O 3 and Fe 3 O 4 in the sodium salt electrolyte, however, the obtained sodium storage capacity was rather low 15 .
When the same commercial hard carbon anodes were tested with different ester and ether electrolytes, without any additives, markedly different performance was observed (Fig.
It will also provide a comparative analysis of lithium-ion and sodium-ion batteries, examining how nanotechnology can close the performance gap between the two technologies.
The good reversible ability of sodium ions in this MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid is further confirmed by the superstable discharge/charge plateaus in the 2nd and 5th cycles (Fig. 5b).
Among these materials, Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 (NVPF) is widely concerned owing to its NASICON structure (Na superionic conductor) and excellent electrochemical performances.
Due to their great turnability in morphology and microstructure, hard carbons offer a versatile platform to tailor intercalation kinetics and sodium ion storage mechanisms .
In general, these values suggest that both components can be ascribed to a high-spin Fe +3 state in FeO 6 octahedral environment of hexagonal P 6 3 /mmc (P2-type) structure.
According to industry experts, the development of SIB technology at this stage is more of a supplement to lithium-ion batteries than a replacement for lithium-ion batteries.
In this study, cellulose-and lignin-rich residues extracted from wood biomass were converted to hard carbon, and their performance as anode materials for SIBs was evaluated.
Similarly, in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), TGA and DSC are employed to study electrolyte stability, electrode material decomposition, and gas evolution under thermal stress.
Ab initio molecular dynamic (AIMD), initialized from the DFT relaxed electrostatic ground states of each NASICON composition, was used to investigate the ionic conductivity.
The green sodium humate (Na 2 HA) coupled with non conjugatedcarboxilate groups with reduced graphene oxide give rise reversible anode materials to the sodium ion batteries.
During discharge, Na 3 Ti 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (N3TP) is formed, and the Ti 4+ ion reduces to Ti 3+ with the insertion of two sodium ions, and the GCD profile is shown in Fig. 11(e).
As sodium ions are inserted into the bulk phase of high-entropy MOFs, the vibrational intensity of characteristic peaks of the HEM-2 material changes but does not disappear.
Considering the significance and the success of the formation optimization in LIBs, in this work we have trialled several possible formation protocols for a sodium ion cell.
Noting that the sodium storage mechanism of hard carbon is still controversial, which severely hinders the further improvement of specific capacity and rate capability 2,4 .
Five main categories of materials can be used as SIB anodes, which are carbon-based anodes, titanium-based anodes, conversion anodes, alloy-based anodes, and organic anodes.
Complementary physical and chemical characterization of the NaSICON exposed to acidic and basic catholytes showed no changes in bulk morphology or bulk chemical composition.
These values are much smaller compared to when solvated sodium ions are intercalated 31 , indicating that solvent cointercalation into the carbon matrix does not take place.
The feature mirrors the voltage charge profile of a Na 3 P/C cell (Fig. 7e), which nicely demonstrates the way Na 3 P works as a sacrificial Na source in a full Na-ion cell.
We report here the synergistic effect of graphene and diglyme electrolyte in significantly improving the sodium insertion electrochemistry of nanocrystalline anatase TiO 2 .
By controlling the porosity of the epoxy-NASICON pellet to approximately 10%, we accomplished more than twice the strength compared with that of the existing NASICON pellet.
Electrode materials: from understanding to engineering excellence The evolution of LT SIB cathodes has progressed through three generations of understanding and engineering.
Apart from oxides, transition metal-based polyanionic compounds such as sodium superionic conductor (NASICON) frameworks have been explored as possible Li-and Na-ion anodes.
The improvement in energy density associated to the addition of Na 3 P is here limited due to the low voltage of cathode at the end of the full discharge of the Na-ion cell.
These observations show differences in diffusion mechanisms between the unsubstituted and substituted NASICON materials, which are strongly dependent on Na + site occupancy.
The sodium-ion storage behavior of the RGO cathode was first evaluated using cyclic voltammetry (CV) at a scan rate of 0.2 mV s -1 in a voltage range of 1.2-4.5 V (Fig. 4a).
SHE). 43 One can expect that the good sodium storage performance of PBAs can be reached via combining the strategies of high-entropy and replacing Na with K in PBAs crystal.
As-received hard carbons were then mechanochemically treated to modify their (micro)structure properties, such as defects, oxygen functionality and open and closed porosity.
For P2-type sodium layered oxides, a structural degradation pathway via the spinel structure therefore seems unlikely, due to the similarity of the oxygen stacking sequence.
Through a one-step hydrothermal method, we synthesized a material with a stable framework and low strain that allows for reversible full charge and discharge of sodium ions.
S29 in the ESM, the charge-discharge curves exhibit characteristic voltage plateaus, which correspond to the V 3+ /V 4+ redox couple during sodium insertion and extraction .
The NZP powder produced diffraction primarily from the NaSICON phase in Fig. 1B, with the slight suggestion of a peak near 25 to indicate a very minor ZrO 2 secondary phase.
In this work, we report a study on the synthesis, electrochemistry and ambient storage of Na x Mn 3/4 Ni 1/4 O 2 layered oxides as cathode materials in sodium-ion batteries.
The ionic conductivity of the solid-state NASICON electrolytes is studied in the range from 20ºC to 100ºC, while heating, using goldblocking electrodes and a home-made cell.
To date, several types of SIB anodes have been studied, including (i) carbon-based materials , (ii) alloys 12,13 , (iii) metal oxides 14,15 , (iv) metal chalcogenides , etc.
Additionally, the expanded interlayer spacing and more active sites enable efficient sodium-ion intercalation, making the 1T phase highly effective for sodium-ion batteries.
The carbon-based anode material (graphite) which is a commercial anode for lithium-ion batteries, does not work for sodium-ions batteries as it produces very low capacities.
Very recently, lots of literatures have reported that the P2-type NaxMnO2-based compounds could experience a low voltage phase transition in the following discharge process.
Here we demonstrate that the Na þ intercalation pseudocapacitance in TiO 2 /graphene nanocomposites enables high-rate capability and long cycle life in a sodium-ion battery.
The same finding was reported by Kong et al. 166 , where fluorine doping could expand the interlayer distance of commercial hard carbon material from 3.86 Å to above 4.00 Å.
By adjusting transition metal cation potentials and sodium ion content, these cathodes exhibit superior electrochemical characteristics compared with single-phase materials.
The sol-gel method is used to synthesize a new compound called Na 3 Fe 0.8 V 1.2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C (NFVP/C), which has a crystal structure and belongs to the NASICON-type family.
By adding the necessary substituents as doping to the NASICON structure, it is a standard practice to increase the bottleneck size, hence increasing the ionic conductivity .
FFMD simulations of Na + diffusion in Na 1+x+y Sc y Zr 2-y Si x P 3-x O 12 require an FF model that describes the ion pair interactions and structural framework of NaSICONs.
As an alternative to lithium-ion batteries, sodium-ion batteries are gaining more attention as a solution to issues including the high cost and restricted supply of lithium.
Therefore, it is essential to develop hard carbons with designed structures under a mild temperature, and to realize a large plateau capacity and satisfying rate capability.
Several cathode materials have been extensively explored for SIBs in recent years, including layered oxides, polyanionic compounds, and Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) 7-10 .
The thermal condensation process of HMF results in the formation of a hard carbon characterized by a unique microstructure with short-range order and abundant microporosity.
In this study, we investigated the effect of excess sodium (Na) in a NaMnO 2 structure using one-step heat treatment at 900 °C followed by quenching in liquid nitrogen (N₂).
This study quantifies the cradle-to-cradle cumulative energy demand of selected lithium-ion and sodium-ion battery cells utilising primary machine data on gigafactory scale.
Among different candidates, Na-ion batteries (NIBs) hold a great promise mainly due to the fact that, unlike Li, sodium (Na) is an earth abundant and cost-effective element.
The τ 4 peak of Na0.55 shifts to higher frequencies during charging with a rapidly decreasing peak, which is related to the rapid O3-P3 phase transition exhibited by Na0.55.
Figure 3a-d presents the potential profiles of Li-ILT, Na-ILT, K-ILT, and Cs-ILT, which exhibit a gradual change in voltage as the number of inserting sodium ions increases.
This is because P2-type Na x MO 2 generally performs better electrochemically due to its lower Na + diffusion barrier and higher ionic conductivity than its O3 phase 23,24 .
As for its application in SIBs, it has been reported that PVdF suffers from defluorination during sodium intercalation because of the lack of passivation in Na-ion cell 53 .
The deposition of a 10 nm thick and homogeneous CN lm improves not only the ICE but also has a remarkable effect on sodium storage capacity, increasing it by more than 30%.
Maintaining the hard carbon at a fully charged and discharged state, respectively, the activation energy of desolvation (E a1 ) on S-SEI and I-SEI can be tested (Fig. 4h,i).
We have prepared Sr containing NASICON compositions Li 0.4 Sr 0.3 Ti 2-x Zr x (PO 4 ) 3 (x = 0.0, 0.5, 2.0) and explored the structural and lithium ionic conductivity in it.
Several synthesisproperty-performance relationships are established and insights into Na-ion storage mechanisms and solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) formation are provided.
In order to examine the feasibility of the V 3+/2+ redox couple, both Li-and Na-ion batteries were fabricated on a copper current collector and cycled between 0.5 V to 3.0 V.
Overall, while Si 24 shows interesting opportunities as anode for Na-ion batteries, further improvements are required to unveil the full potential of such class of materials.
In addition to pyrolysis, pre-and/or post-treatments are widely applied during HC synthesis to adjust the properties of the material and thus achieve improved sodium storage.
Therefore, the three reduction peaks located at 4.3, 4.0, and 3.4 V were assigned to the insertion of sodium ions and the phase transition from NaMnCr(PO4)3 to Na4MnCr(PO4)3.
This NaF-rich SEI layer provides excellent electronic isolation capability and reduces sodium diffusion resistance, thereby accelerating the kinetics of sodium ion transfer .
In detail, the former stores K + in the gap of carbon layers, while the latter absorbs K + in the defects, surface and nanovoids of hard carbon materials to provide capacity.
The practical application of aqueous sodium-ion batteries (ASIBs) is limited by the electrolysis of water, which results in a low working voltage and energy density of ASIBs.
Recently, we have introduced a new Fe-based polyanionic compound, Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 ), which can be classified as a new NASICON-type material (Chen et al., 2019a).
However, no comments can be made on the sodium storage process of Na 2 NiP 2 O 7 with the available electrochemical data [see Fig. 8(g)], despite sharing the same structure .
Figure 4d presents rate performance of the Na-ion full cells with 2 M G 1 -or 1 M G 4 -based electrolyte at current densities from 0.05, 0.1, 0.2, 0.5, 1, and 2 to 4 A g -1 .
O3-type NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 cathode material exhibits significant potential for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) owing to its high theoretical capacity and ample sodium reservoir.
The authors asserted that an activated orange peel-derived hard carbon (AOPDHC) can be used as an anode for sodium-ion batteries, yet the evidence for this claim was lacking.
The material showed good performances as a positive electrode for sodium-ion batteries able to operate at a mean voltage of almost 3.8 V under quasi-thermodynamic conditions.
Throughout the charging process, sodium ions are extracted from the cathode and then incorporated into the anode following their passage through the electrolyte and membrane.
Therefore, constructing high specific capacity anode materials with good reaction kinetics is an effective method to build extraordinary energy density sodium-ion full cells.
Amine's group surveyed a series of organic carboxylate based materials as the anode materials for Na-ion batteries. 21 They exhibited a long discharge plateau below 0.6 V vs.
Another interesting feature of titanium dioxide compared with hard carbons is the safety aspect of TiO 2 as the nominal voltage of such an anode is 0.7 versus 0.1-0.05 V (vs.
The deviation between the ideal and obtained full-cell capacities can be explained by the irreversible capacity of the hard carbon negative electrode (ca. 40 mAh (g-HC) ¹1 ).
Li + /Li 0 , we nd a new set of reections along with the parent NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , indicating a two-phase intercalation mechanism (F B : Li 1.3- 3.0 Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 ).
Among the seven evaluated SIB cell chemistries, four demonstrate CFs that are highly competitive with the LFP benchmark (D = 1-8%), despite exhibiting lower energy densities.
The fact that local Na-Na correlations are important in lowering activation energies for Na-ion hops is in agreement with previous MD simulations in the disordered phase 31 .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a sustainable alternative to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), benefiting from the natural abundance and low cost of sodium resources.
Meanwhile, unique aperture sizes and nucleophilic functional groups of PLM can limit the transport of anions, increasing the sodium ion transference number from 0.16 to 0.33.
Our model shows that hard carbon anodes intrinsically induce a time-dependent desolvation process and enable a dual-SEI structure both on the surface and inside of nanopores.
Electrochemical measurements were conducted using CR2032 two-electrode coin cells, with sodium metal as the counter and reference electrodes and glass fiber as the separator.
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report which successfully simulates multiple phase transitions for an intercalation cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
The electrochemical performance of hard carbon-based electrodes is closely dependent on the structural, chemical, textural, and morphological features of the active material.
Fast-charging of iron sulfides, as an advanced anode for sodium-ion batteries, is severely restricted by the poor diffusion kinetics of sodium ions and rapid capacity fading.
This DME-derived SEI, though containing no F component, can stabilize the interface in NaBPh 4 /DME electrolyte, thus leading to the stable cycling of hard carbon electrodes.
Herein, we propose a novel SnC/graphene heterostructure (SnC/G-H) as a potential anode material for LIBs and sodium-ion batteries, supported by first-principles calculations.
Additionally, their approach is limited to spherical particles and cannot address the microstructure of nonspherical particles, such as those found in hard carbon electrodes.
Scanning electron microscopy is used to study the microstructure of the solid-state NASICON electrolyte and the morphology of the C/FePO 4 particles by using a FEI TENEO FEG.
Compared with the previous reported iron oxide materials 1,7,11,15,32,33 , the material reported here is very attractive due to its facile, fast, and improved sodium storage.
However, the lower thermal stability of SIB SEI, coupled with the presence of sodium metal clusters in HC (Hard Carbon) micropores, intensifies self-heating compared to LIBs.
Meanwhile, the average sodium ion diffusion coefficients of Zn 2+ doping cathode is 2.22 × 10 -10 cm 2 s -1 , which far beyond the pristine sample (1.37 × 10 -12 cm 2 s -1 ).
Addressing this issue involves decomposing Na 2 CO 3 into electrochemically active sodium ions while transforming the non-stoichiometric P2 phase back to a stoichiometric O3.
A schematic illustration with corresponding morphological characterization affirmed successful formation of the hybrid along with superior SIB anode performance [Figure 10A].
In β-NaMnO 2, zigzagtype atomic arrangements suppress Jahn-Teller distortion, improving the electrochemical performance of cells with a capacity of 190 mAh/g at a C/20-rate .
The first generation of sodium-ion batteries' energy density has reached 160 Wh/kg, meanwhile， the energy density of lithium-ion batteries has now easily been over 200 Wh/kg.
This work proves that the free-standing and binder-free 3D N-doped graphene aerogel is a promising candidate anode material for sodium ion batteries with high energy storage.
The aqueous sodium-ion battery system is a safe and low-cost solution for large-scale energy storage, because of the abundance of sodium and inexpensive aqueous electrolytes.
Sodium ion anode free puts extra emphasis on high plating and stripping efficiency of sodium metal at the anode surface, due to the lack of an excess of the transporting ion.
Although other derivatives, including intermetallics , oxides , sulfides , selenides , tellurides , and others, have also been reported for high Na + affinity as SIB anodes .
In galvanostatic charging/discharging experiments, the product displayed an almost flat galvanostatic charging/discharging plateau at a mean voltage of 3.6 V vs sodium metal.
Based on the equations, sodium ion diffusion coefficient is only related with Warburg factor σ, i.e., the lower Warburg factor σ, the higher sodium ion diffusion coefficient.
Hard carbons were prepared by hydrothermal carbonisation of glucose, followed by two-stage high-temperature treatment, divided into pre-carbonization and final carbonization.
Hard carbon exhibited typical charge-discharge curves (Figure 2(a)) with a sloping region and a long flat plateau region, demonstrating two steps of sodium storage mechanism.
The yolk-shell architecture, with SnSe 2 nanoparticles embedded within a nitrogendoped carbon shell, significantly boosts structural integrity and sodium storage performance.
A broad range of values has been included here in a parametric study that provides a rst idea of which performance is required for SIB to be competitive in relation to LIBs.
In this work, we have theoretically studied the relationship between the strain and the diffusion barrier/path of sodium ions in layered CrN 2 by firstprinciples calculation.
The O3-type NaNi 0.4 Cu 0.05 Mg 0.05 Mn 0.3 Ti 0.2 O 2 material exhibited remarkable moisture stability, maintaining 85% of its capacity after 1000 cycles at 5C in 2.0-4.0 V.
Also, based on the global phase diagram in the Ca-Na-V-P-O chemical space, the CaxVP (x > 1) phase is likely to decompose into non-NaSICON materials under high overpotential.
Although activated carbon for aqueous sodium-ion batteries is quite stable, the capacity is only ca. 30 mAh g À 1 at a current rate of 1C and the cost is relatively high 36 .
In the rst cycle, all samples exhibit a pronounced irreversible cathodic peak, which can be attributed to the formation of the SEI and partial irreversible sodium insertion.
A systematic comparison between SnO 2 /nitrogen-doped graphene nanohybrids and the SnO 2 /graphene counterpart as anode materials for sodium-ion batteries has been conducted.
Among the different cathodes studied for Sodium-Ion Batteries (SIBs), the P2-layered oxide structure has garnered significant attention due to its electrochemical properties.
Typically, hard carbons exhibit broad peaks around 1355 (D-band) and 1581 cm -1 (G-band), related to in-plane sp2 C-bond breathing (at graphite defects) and stretching modes.
It is worth noting that for the composition X = 0.25, the diffraction pattern was best fit with two NASICON phases with slightly different Al/Ge ratios and lattice constants.
Na-ion batteries are being considered as promising cost-effective energy storage devices for the future compared to Li-ion batteries owing to the crustal abundance of Na-ion.
Designing halide solid electrolytes with high ionic conductivity and good (electro)chemical stability is essential for the advancement of all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries.
The structure allows enough space to relieve volume expansion and mechanical stresses brought about by sodium-ion absorption, thereby guaranteeing stability and reversibility.
Plant-derived biopolymers, such as sucrose 69 , cellulose 31 , glucose 70 and lignin 71 , are the main precursors used for the synthesis of hard carbons (81%); see Figure 3.c.
However, it appears that during studies of the Na storage mechanism, discrepancies arise due to the large variety of hard carbons and the different processing parameters used.
In recent years, as the demand for energy storage systems has continued to grow, sodium-ion batteries have become a promising alternative to traditional lithium-ion batteries.
Furthermore, the low-frequency inclined line is linked to the Warburg impedance (Z w ), which can be interpreted as the diffusion of sodium ion in the host solid-state phase .
In this direction, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been considered as a promising alternative for energy storage devices owing to the large abundance and low cost of sodium .
The absorption edge position of Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 is found to be between those of Nb 2 O 5 and NbO 2 , thus conrming the presence of both Nb 5+ and Nb 4+ in the NASICON lattice.
Rechargeable sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are regarded as potential power sources for large-scale energy storage devices due to the low cost and abundance of sodium resources .
Moreover, the peak fading starts at 350 and 322 °C for the CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 cathodes, respectively, further confirming the inferior structural stability of the NaMNO 2 .
Although significant progress has been made in recent years on the understanding of Na-ion insertion in hard carbon, the storage mechanisms are still not fully understood 37 .
Furthermore, in-situ vacancy repairing in the solution synthesis of FeHCF could repair the vacancies from the inside-out, demonstrating an enhanced sodium storage performance.
Graphene aerogel was chose as a comparison to gain a better understanding of the effects of nitrogen doping on the electrochemical properties and sodium ion storage mechanism.
This versatile module layout enables us to choose the number of sub-cells that provides a voltage output that best possibly ts the charging voltage of the sodium ion battery.
Herein, novel BC-targeted nano-DDSs based on bimetallic Prussian blue analogs (PBA-DDSs) for intracellular doxorubicin (DOX) delivery and pH-responsive release were developed.
Currently, no such data are available for hard carbon electrodes, but conducting such experiments and a comparison with the present simulation can be addressed in future work.
In addition, a large number of randomly distributed [Fe (CN)6] defects make the Prussian blue framework structure prone to collapse, leading to rapid battery capacity decline.
In this article, we report a simple and effective strategy for the in situ synthesis of MoS 2 nanosheets in porous graphitic carbon for use as anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
Still, these values are quite behind the ~300 mAh/g of reversible capacity offered by hard carbon, which is currently a very attractive candidate material due to its low cost.
Under severe cycling conditions, SIBs may encounter overcharging, causing excessive Na to deposit unevenly on the hard carbon electrode surface in the form of plated Na metal.
However, sodium ions can quickly go through the two-dimensional bottleneck formed by oxygen cage in the P3 structure , which corresponds to the slope region on the GCD curves.
This paper analyzes the feasibility and application principle of SIB energy storage technology and briefly introduces the application scenario and electrode materials of SIBs.
Moreover, when heavier sodium ions (90 pm) enter into the metal oxide, structural changes occur in the base network, which subsequently limits the performance of the battery .
Additionally, the pore size distribution (Fig. 2(d)) reveals that three hard carbon samples (CH-800-1300, CH-800-1500, and CH-800-1700) are predominantly microporous (< 2 nm).
This work provides new insights into the environmental performance of different sodium-ion battery (SIB) cell chemistries in comparison to current lithium-ion batteries (LIB).
Considering the above reasons, it is an effective strategy to select a MOF with pancakelike morphologies to optimize ion transport and interfacial impedance in sodium-ion SLE.
In this study, we have examined the structural and ionic conductivity properties of Sr containing Li 0.4 Sr 0.3 Ti 2-x Zr x (PO 4 ) 3 (x = 0.0, 0.5, 2.0) NASICON compositions.
Its high sodium diffusion coefficient has been measured and analysed via first-principles calculations, and its three-dimensional sodium ion diffusion pathways are identified.
The Na-ion full-cell was assembled using NTP-M as an anode to demonstrate the feasibility of the NVOPF-rGO micro-squares as a cathode material for real Na-ion battery systems.
Hình 1 thể hiện kết quả phóng sạc chu kì 1, dung lượng phóng và hiệu suất Coulomb theo chu kì của hard carbon trong các hệ điện giải sử dụng hệ dung môi EC: DMC: PC (1: 1: 1).
They are prepared by heating thermosetting carbon-containing precursors under an inert atmosphere (pyrolysis). 12 Hard carbons are non-graphitizable, and disordered materials.
The main strategies for afore-mentioned materials are hierarchically pores structures or enlarged interlayer lattice distance which favor for the Na-ion transport and storage.
In Na-ion cells, the nano-Sb 2 S 3 and bulk Sb 2 S 3 electrodes showed similar charge storage capacities of ~580-620 mAh g -1 at current densities of 0.3-1.2 A g -1 (Fig. 3c).
The diffraction peaks observed confirm the existence of a dominant NASICON phase with monoclinic symmetry (labelled as (*)), typically related to maxima ionic conductivities .
The results also indicate that the unit cell volumes of NVP samples increase with calcination temperature which is favorable for the insertion and de-insertion of sodium ions.
From the slope of the approximate straight line, the activation energy was found to be 30 kJ mol ¹1 (Table 2), which is close to the activation energy of NASICON conductivity.
As the common anode materials (e.g., hard carbon) are Na-free, the insufficient Na inventory greatly limits the capacity and energy density of P2 cathode-based full batteries.
To study the sodium ion storage properties, carbonized leaf is directly used as the electrodes in coin cells without using any binders, carbon additives or current collectors.
Among solid electrolytes, we chose a NASICON type composition Na 3.4 Zr 2 Si 2.4 P 0.6 O 12 (NZSiP) that has a conductivity of 5 mScm -1 at room temperature (Ma et al., 2019).
A wide range of host materials, such as transitionmetal oxides, phosphates, Prussian blue analogs, and so on, have been investigated for reversible (de)intercalation of Na + .
The articles with "Sodium layered oxide cathode" in the predicted label were screened out, and 458 articles from RSC and 1260 articles from Elsevier were retained based on 1).
As a demonstration, three O3-type titaniumsubstituted NaLi 1/3 Mn 2/3-x Ti x O 2 (x = 1/18, 1/9 and 1/6) oxygen redox cathode materials were synthesized using the same method.
In this paper we concentrate on the double bond between the carbon and oxygen (C=O) in which the sodium ion penetration leads to the single bond between the carbon and oxygen.
This peak corresponds to the typical graphite intercalation compounds 63 , suggesting that the Na + may be intercalated/inserted into the graphite microdomain of hard carbons.
S7, while the 500nm and 700nm coatings both exhibited excellent wetting, there are still some regions where the NaSICON was not fully wet in the 500nm coating symmetric cells.
We report herein a synergistic remediation method for cleaning cesium-contaminated clay by Prussian blue analogue-functionalized magnetic microgel along with ionized chitosan.
Three different NASICON groups with different controlled variations in composition were designed so as to separate the effect of each variable as independently as possible: 1.
Characteristic redox peaks for (de)intercalation of Na-ions are shifted to more positive potentials in 0.25 M Na 2 SO 4 and 0.25 M NaNO 3 compared to those in 0.25 M NaClO 4 .
For example, increasing the primary particle size results in longer diffusional pathways and more sluggish Na-ion kinetics, while decreasing the size has the opposite effect .
After the initial several cycles, the Coulombic efficiencies of all the electrodes improved to nearly 99%, indicating that the SCs electrodes had excellent for Na-ion storage.
Therefore, a solid electrolyte with high reduction stability and good formability promises to facilitate stable operation in all-solidstate sodium batteries using hard carbon.
Oxide-based all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries (Na ASSBs) are regarded as a safer, more robust, and more sustainable alternative to traditional lithium-ion batteries (LIBs).
The pseudo-capacitance effects of Fe-N-C-2 on the surface capacitance control process are predominant and are conducive to improving sodium storage performance at high rates .
The spherical morphology of hard carbon is advantageous as follows. (i) It provides a better initial coulombic efficiency (ICE) as compared to HCs with a similar surface area.
Closed pores sizes and pore volumes determine the plateau capacities and rate capabilities, which are important parameters that influence the energy density of SIB full cells.
Sodium storage may be improved by adjusting spinning parameters, combined with high-temperature calcination, hydrothermal synthesis, chemical deposition, and other techniques.
Formation of FeV Prussian blue, 15 similar to Thurnball blue, was successful with a unit of M(III)-C-N-M ′ (II) that accommodates four CN-groups in a primitive unit (Fig. 2E).
Another important factor is the Na-content in the O3-NaMnO 2 phase, and the general approach for optimizing Na-content involves adding 10% more Na-sources during fabrication .
The KOH-activated hard carbon sample has more disordered nature, which is more useful for energy storage applications like supercapacitors due to the presence of active sites.
The rutile structure has a onedimensional tunnel that enables the Na + to diffuse through and accommodates them, making rutile a candidate anode material for Na-ion batteries.
The correlation of the SSA Kr with the capacities in LIB (Figure 3a) or SIB (Figure 3c) anodes, as well as with the respective Coulombic efficiencies, revealed no clear trend.
Otherwise, the full cell incorporating the optimized hard carbon anode achieves an impressive energy density of 165.2 Wh•kg -1 , demonstrating practical application potential.
The phase transition temperature reported in the literature ranges between 130 and 300 °C (from monoclinic to rhombohedral structure) depending on the composition of NaSICON .
A larger contribution to the sloping region is seen in the lower temperature hard carbons with larger interlayer distance as compared to the higher carbonization temperatures.
We suggest that operando strain measurement in the Na-ion cathode can be utilized to elucidate deformation mechanisms at higher voltages and different electrolyte chemistries.
On the other hand, in our theoretically proposed Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 , cesium can be adsorbed, through ion exchange between cesium and sodium ions, under applied voltage.
In the pursuit of cost-effective Na-ion batteries (SIBs) with high energy density, alloy-type anode materials including Sn, Sb, Ge, and Se have garnered considerable interest.
The reversible (charge) capacity of MoO 2 /NC is quite low (around 124 mA h g À1 ), and this is because the crystalline structure of MoO 2 is not favorable for Na-ion storage.
Hence, P atoms are inclined to bond with O or C in the heteroatom incorporated frameworks. Recently, Ji et al. confirm that phosphorous is doped in hard carbon in form of POx.
Being no information available about possible differences in terms of battery pack layout between SIB and LIB, including these based on assumptions would only add uncertainty.
This inspires us to explore the plausibility of achieving ultrahigh reversible capacity in the unknown P3-type Na 2/3 Mg 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 using reversible oxygen redox reaction.
Therefore, Na metal plating, if formed on anode, and with protective film forming agents, can induce a thermal runaway of SIB in heating conditions as Li metal plating in LIB.
In 1981, Delmas et al. studied the Na intercalation behavior of Na x CoO 2, which was extended to other sodium layered oxides such as Na x CrO 2 , Na x NiO 2 , and Na x TiO 2 .
Our works expand therefore the range of suitable routes to achieve NVPF 3-2y O 2y materials, being at present the most promising material class as cathode for Na-ion batteries.
In addition to sole transition metal doping, inactive elements and co-doping substitution methods can also be employed to enhance the cycling stability of sodium-ion batteries.
V) showed the SRC (above 0.2 V) and PRC (below 0.2 V) corresponding to the Na-ion nanopore filling, and the insertion of sodium ions between the graphitic layers, respectively.
Further optimization of the hard carbon and electrolyte is expected to significantly improve rate capability and cycling performance, which will be explored in our future work.
The as-prepared NaFePO 4 composite exhibited exceptional performance with an excellent rate capability at 10C and ultrastable capacity retention over 300 cycles (Fig. 5b andc).
The phase transition from P3/O3-type to the P2-type phase is not observed as it requires a highertemperature environment to break and reform Me-O bonds (Me = transition metal).
The present study aimed to synthesize a cost effective and eco-friendly hard carbon from biomass and determine the suitability of the material for supercapacitors applications.
The advancement of cathode materials possessing high-rate capability and extended cycle life is crucial for the viability of large-scale energy storage in sodium-ion batteries.
When assembled in the sodium ion full cell using Na 0.7 CoO 2 as a cathode, it could still retain a high-power capability of 300 W kg -1 and long cycle life of 1000 cycles 25 .
This work demonstrates for the first time the successful use of Sn coatings to lower the charge transfer resistance of molten sodium on NaSICON at the low temperature of 110°C.
Cathode mixture, PLM@LE flexible membrane and sodium metal anode were assembled into CR2016 coin cell for galvanostatic charge/discharge measurements and rate performance test.
Ex-situ electrodes for organic Na-ion battery was recollected in glove-box, and washed with PC (propylene carbonate) electrolyte for 5 times, and dried in small vacuum chamber.
The hypothesis was that the addition of the bulky cation increased the free volume in the polymer matrix and created a 'looser' ionic structure facilitating sodium ion hopping.
Moreover, as can be seen in Fig. 7c, the hard carbon||P2-NaMNNb coin cell tested at -40 °C and 92 mA g -1 demonstrates capacity retention of approximately 89% after 100 cycles.
Two kinds of hard carbon (HC) were investigated as negative electrodes for sodium secondary batteries using Na[FSA]-[C 3 C 1 pyrr][FSA] as an ionic liquid electrolyte at 363 K.
Initially, the O3-type NaNMF material provided a capacity close to 160 mAh g -1 at 0.1 C (1 C = 120 mA g -1 ), with significant plateau voltages occurring at 3 and 4.15 V (Fig.
PDC-450-1400 A-the hard carbon treated with all 3 synthesis steps has the highest capacity, while the materials synthesized with fewer steps have signicantly lower capacities.
In summary, we performed a comprehensive study to reveal the sodium storage mechanism of K-containing host materials, in which a 3D binder-free KTiOPO 4 thin film was selected.
A symmetric sodium-ion full cell demonstrates a superior rate capability with a specific capacity of about 49 mA h g À 1 at 20 C rate and ultralong lifetime over 10,000 cycles.
It is usually used to distinguish the ratio of the current related to surface capacitance and sodium ion semi innite linear diffusion by determining the value of k 1 and k 2 .
In this work, the superior performance of DS-MnS (dandelionshaped manganese sulfide) anode prepared by a solvothermal synthesis for sodium-ion battery applications is reported.
The authors also found that during a P to O transformation each individual sodium ion is swept into a distorted co-ordination environment by the moving transition metal layers.
We explored the potential application of the TaS 2 /GeC MSH as an anode material for Na-ion batteries by studying the adsorption properties of Na atoms on this heterostructure.
This results in a low initial coulombic efficiency (ICE) and poor rate performance of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), posing significant challenges to their practical application.
Thanks to the abundance and low-cost of sodium, Na-ion batteries (NIB) are extensively studied as it is considered as a complementary technology to lithium-ion batteries (LIB).
These battery performances are well-positioned compared to the state-of-the-art literature of Na-ion cells 49, , as shown in Supplementary Fig. 32, Supplementary Tables 7 and8.
When the lattice parameters (a, b, c) increased by Ni-Fe substitution, the crystal volume got larger than before, and it will be advantaged for the de-insertion of sodium ions.
As a representative, the P2-Na0.67Ni0.33Mn0.67O2 (P2-NM) has demonstrated a high capacity and a rate capability, showing excellent potential for high-energy/power applications.
The SIB electrochemical performance of NOC samples was evaluated in a half-cell configuration using 2032-type coin cells, operating within a voltage window of 0.01 to 2.0 V vs.
Here we show that Ti-substituted Na 0.44 MnO 2 (Na 0.44 [Mn 1-x Ti x ]O 2 ) with tunnel structure can be used as a negative electrode material for aqueous sodium-ion batteries.
Obviously, NASICON type (LiTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 ) and titanium oxide (TiO 2 ) are respectively present as the foremost and negligible crystalline phases in the base specimen (x = 0).
In the present work, we prepare an all-solid-state composite polymer electrolyte for the symmetric sodium-ion battery adopting NASICON-structured NVP as both cathode and anode.
Notably, an exception is found for the O3-type Na x CrS 2 , where no co-intercalation is found with the three different electrolytes (EC/DMC, PC and 2G; Supplementary Fig. 48).
The technology adopted from different battery systems or materials should be carefully evaluated before investigating the sodium storage mechanisms, especially in hard carbons.
In the case of low concentration salt and tetrahydrofuran solvent, the interaction between solvent and sodium ions is low to realize fast reaction kinetics at low temperatures.
In this work, a sodium-ion solid-state half-cell using NASICON with the stoichiometry of Na 3.4 Zr 2 Si 2.4 P 0.6 O 12 was investigated operando using the Hi-5 SIMS instrument.
By regulating the solution environment, the nucleation of PBAs crystals was controlled, and a modified sodium-rich Prussian blue analogs (M-HSPB) were successfully synthesized.
The peak, which is most sensitive to the Na content during charging/discharging, is usually used to monitor the phase transformation of P2-type layered cathodes during heating.
Among these materials, hard carbon delivers high electrochemical performance (capacity and cycle life) as anode in both LIBs and NIBs due to its structural stability 14,27,28 .
Generally, three types of cathode materials have widely been investigated for SIBs: layered transition metal oxides, polyanionic compounds, and Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) .
The E a of the Mg 0.1 NZSP increased up to 0.286 eV; it is assumed that E a increases when the NASICON composition exceeds the optimal range despite its rhombohedral structure.
Sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) have shown potential as a cost-effective successor to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) for large-scale, low cost electrical energy storage applications.
Thus, CINEB and BVSE calculations confirm that the layered-columnar structure favors the migration of sodium ions, resulting in a satisfactory sodium ion migration coefficient.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have received significant attention as promising alternative for energy storage applications owing to the large availability and low cost of sodium.
The storage mechanism of sodium ions in Bi 2 Te 3 /rGO was elucidated through ex situ transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and ex situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS).
The sodium metal negative electrode covered with a removable protective film which protects the sodium metal from oxidation and can be removed before assembling the coin cells.
The monoclinic phase is analogous to the NASICON structure, particularly Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 with a matching flat GCD profile and the voltage level of V 3+ /V 4+ redox at 3.4 V.
Phosphorus (P) is one of the most abundant elements in the continental crust and oceans, and its specific capacity of 2596 mAh g -1 offers much promise to sodium-ion batteries.
Moreover, such elements exhibit relatively high sodiation potential compared to hard carbon, effectively mitigating the growth of Na-dendrites and enhancing the safety of SIBs.
An electrospun Sb 2 O 3 @NC freestanding membrane fabricated for SIB anode utilization retained good reversibility in capacity (527.3 mAh g -1 over 100 cycles at 0.1 A g -1 ) .
Although hard carbon anode has been widely used in industrial development, it suffers from limited specific capacity and potential sodium dendrite growth during fast charging .
The bending strengths of bare NASICON (15 MPa) and epoxy-NASICON pellets (35 MPa), shown in Figure 4(b), are calculated as the forces that can withstand the actual pellet area.
The specific capacity of all electrodes decreases with increased charge/discharge rates because of the relatively slow sodium intercalation into the hexacyanoferrate structure.
Surface defects can be involved in the storage mechanism of K ions and irreversible capacity, similar to Na and Li ions, as shown with both hard carbons and graphite 27,38,58 .
Here, we employ waste woodderived hard carbon as a template to systematically establish the formation mechanisms of closed pores and their effect on sodium storage performance.
This atomic and electronic interaction could lead to higher insertion concentrations and large charge transfer, both of which facilitate sodium storage at the interface region.
In addition, the rate capability of the RAHC Na[Ni 0.60 Co 0.05 Mn 0.35 ]O 2 /hard carbon full cell is compared with the bulk Na[Ni 0.60 Co 0.05 Mn 0.35 ]O 2 cathode (Fig. 5e).
Holey CNTs provided a conductive network and ample void spaces for sodium-ion transportation useful for accommodating volume variations during the charging/discharging process.
Additionally, compared with previously reported tin sulfide and cobalt sulfide-based anodes, the present material manifests great competitiveness in SIB applications (Table 1).
It was found that a hard carbon negative electrode using Na 3 BS 3 with high reduction stability exhibited stable and reversible operation in an all-solid-state sodium battery.
Upon testing against sodium metal, the BC/SnO 2 composite exhibited better cycling stability than BC (233 mA h g À1 compared with 165 mA h g À1 ) at 100 mA g À1 for 120 cycles.
The cocktail is ball-milled at room temperature in an agatha jar at 350 rpm for 22 h using 5 mm diameter balls in a 1:1 ratio with respect to the weight of the NASICON powders.
We have performed, for the first time, operando 23 Na NMR spectroscopy and 1 H and 23 Na MRI during galvanostatic cycling and plating in both full-cells and sodium metal cells.
Integrating P-type phase into O3-type materials at the microscale can adequately take advantage of the high stability of P-type materials and high capacity of O-type materials.
For the negative electrode materials, only a few materials, including activated carbon and NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 have been identified in the literature 21, for sodium-ion batteries.
Hình 4 mô tả phổ tổng trở Nyquist của vật liệu hard carbon khi dùng hệ điện giải E5 trước khi phóng sạc (OCV) và sau các chu kì 1, 2, 5, 10 và mạch điện tương đương của hệ này.
Sodium(Na)-based systems are one of the more promising emerging technologies, and much effort is currently put into finding high performance Na-ion electrodes and electrolytes.
Here, the vertically aligned channels in the MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid ensure rapid penetration of the electrolyte and also contribute to the rapid transfer of sodium ions (Fig. 3b).
This study indicates that layeredcolumnar structure design offers a viable strategy for the development of highperformance positive electrode material for sodium-ion batteries.
To examine the inuence of vacancy defects on sodium storage in borophene, the behavior of sodium adsorption on the sites around a single vacancy of borophene was investigated.
From the input file, a symmetrical enumeration of all possible structures is performed within a specified Na-ion cathode material with predetermined transition metal (TM) ions.
To investigate the redox reactions of sodium storage, cyclic voltammetry (CV) curves of highentropy MOFs were measured at scan rates of 0.1 mV s -1 between 0.01 and 3.0 V (Fig.
EDX mapping of Na, Mo, and S elements can be clearly detected (Fig. 6b), confirming the stable structure of the MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid and its effective adsorption of sodium ions.
This subsequent insertion of sodium ions causes the crystal structure to go through symmetry changes from rhombohedral (N1TP) to triclinic (N3TP) to rhombohedral again (N4TP) .
To this end, the electrochemical performances of naturally abundant graphite from an opencast Moroccan mine as an anode material for Li-ion and Na-ion batteries were evaluated.
SEI can be readily formed on the hard carbon electrode with the addition of LiPF 6 ; additionally, the lithium-containing SEI is less soluble than Na-containing SEI components.
In Na0.55, the distance between adjacent TMO 2 slabs was measured to be 5.38 Å, comprising of TMO 2 slabs with a thickness of 1.84 Å and NaO 2 slabs with a thickness of 3.62 Å.
The use of cetyl trimethyl ammonium bromide (CTAB) as a surfactant to prepare electrode materials with adapted morphology for sodium-ion batteries has been reported elsewhere .
However, the energy barriers for sodium-ion migrations in doped O3-NaMn 0.5 Ni 0.5 O 2 (0.04-0.53 eV) are much lower than that of pristine O3-NaMn 0.5 Ni 0.5 O 2 (0.21-1.26 eV).
Here, the Ti-substituted Na 4/7 [, 1/7 Ti 1/7 Mn 5/7 ]O 2 (where , represents a transition metal vacancy) is presented as a positive electrode material for sodium-ion batteries.
As shown in Fig. 1f, the voltage required to drive the extraction of third Na + ion (above 4.6 V) is higher than the oxidation stability of typical sodium electrolytes (4.5 V) .
The intercalation of two positively charged Na-ions at two different sites can attenuate the carbonyl/carbonyl repulsion and become coordinated by two different carbonyl groups.
In 2021, the first generation commercial SIBs consisting of Prussian blue cathode and hard carbon anode was launched, which can deliver a cell energy density of ~ 160 Wh kg -1 .
Despite the identical theoretical capacity, the practical capacity of conversion-based materials is generally lower in SIBs than in LIBs due to the slow kinetics of sodium-ions.
The development of internal temperature estimation methods for sodium-ion batteries (SIB) and lithium-ion batteries (LIB) is critical for enhancing their safety and performance.
Figure 3 All samples were made into electrode films with conventional doctor-blade method and tested in coin-cell type half cells with using pure sodium metal foil as the anode.
Moreover, the strong resilience of spherical hard carbon exhibits a strong recovery ability, so the even void distribution in hybrid powders is possibly retained after pressing.
With the increase of 4-VP monomer feeding, the content of N element in magnetic microgels increased, indicating more P4VP and eventually more Prussian blue on the nanoparticles.
Natural or synthetic graphite is a common anode material for these batteries, however, the attempts to use graphite as anode material also in Na-ion batteries were unsuccessful.
The rapid adsorption behavior may be due to the hydrophilic properties of the microgel and a large amount of Prussian blue analogue adsorption sites on the nanoparticle surface.
The voltage response in the NaSICON-23h cell (Figure 1a) is slightly different from the NaSICON-1h sample, in that it displays an "arc-and-plateau" feature during the intervals.
We presented a synergistic remediation method for cesium-contaminated clays by combining Prussian blue analogue-functionalized magnetic microgel adsorbents and ionized chitosan.
Importantly, with the aim of practical application, the full coin cell and pouch cell were constructed with prussian blue cathode, showing excellent electrochemical performance.
Supplementary Figures S2b,c, e, and f show the morphologies of the non-plating and plating areas on the hard carbon after cycling 500 times at 1.2 mA/cm 2 charge/discharge rate.
In order to determine the sodium storage mechanism of MOFs, the in situ and ex situ characterization of HEM-2 electrodes was analyzed during sodium-ion insertion and detachment.
In the following, we explore the different proposed mechanisms for sodium insertion, studying a commercial hard carbon using X-ray total scattering PDF analysis and 23 Na ssNMR.
As the number 28 is pure material (NaCoO2), and number 27 is binary, the number 18 "Na1.5Ni0.117Co0.366Al0.017Mn0.5O2" is suggested as the best combination for cathode material.
Therefore, higher conductive compositions like sodium-excess , trivalent (La 3? , Y 3? ) or tetravalent (Ti 4? , Ce 4? ) ion substituted NaSICON should be studied in the future.
The crystal structures of the bipolar material were characterized by high-resolution synchrotron X-ray diffraction (HR-SXRD), displaying O3-type structure with high crystalline.
The need for enhancing the cyclability of Prussian white (PW) cathodes is highly desirable due to their potential as promising cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
Therefore, Na-ion batteries (NIBs), as one of the potential alternatives to LIBs, have attracted increasing research attention owing to the low cost and eco-friendliness of Na .
Sodium-ion batteries have received significant interest as a cheaper alternative to lithium-ion batteries and could be more viable for use in large scale energy storage systems.
Graphite is well-known for being not suitable to host sodium ions since sodium seldom forms stable intercalation compounds with graphite (Komaba et al., 2011;Tian et al., 2017).
S4a. † However, using an Ar/H 2 (95 : 5 vol%) reducing atmosphere results in the elimination of Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 and a signicant decrease of maricite (NaFePO 4 ) impurities (Fig.
It can also be seen that the improvement of rate performance is not only related to the high kinetics of hard carbon, but also the effective filling of different-size particles.
The FeSe x -rGO composite powders had superior sodium-ion storage properties compared to those of the Fe 2 O 3 -rGO composite powders with similar morphological characteristics.
Among SIB anode materials, many kinds of composites such as alloy, metal oxide, and metal sulfide with carbon as the substrate have become the research focus (Luo et al., 2016).
The reason behind this is besides 4e site (occupancy: 0.25), Na-ions start occupying the hole parts of 2d site (occupancy: 0.25), thereby resulting in a decreased steric effect.
The introduction of heteroatom doping is the most common hard carbon modification method, which is expected to improve the electrochemical performance by regulating the defects.
In addition, the electrochemical performance of NVO nanobelts as cathode materials in the voltage range from 4 V to 1.5 V for Na-ion batteries was also investigated (Fig. 3d-f).
Sodium superionic conducting (NASICON) ceramics are a family of sodium-or lithium-based solids that have been investigated as potential solid-state electrolytes since the 1970s.
The highly reversible and high-rate charge-dischage cycling of hard carbon negative electrodes was demonstrated in a fluorine-free electrolyte of 0.5 M NaBPh 4 /DME electrolyte.
Carbon-supported single-atom catalysts (C-SAMs) have recently emerged as a frontier strategy to address the issue of irreversible reactions in MoS 2 -based sodium-ion batteries.
We estimate that not more than 2.4 sodium ions per one phosphorus atom (instead of 3 sodium ions) got incorporated into the electrode during the rst discharge of the half-cell.
Sodium metal was used as the anode material, and the electrolyte was 1 M NaPF6 in a 1:1 volumetric mixture of anhydrous ethylene carbonate and dimethyl carbonate (EC:DMC = 1:1).
After this, the duplex (porous + dense) solid electrolyte (Fig. 1a,b) was heated at 1100 °C to sinter the Nasicon slurry and enhance contact between porous and dense Nasicon SE.
Using these insights, we identified four promising aqueous Na-ion cathodes in the PBA structure using a broad suite of descriptors. ■ THEORETICAL APPROACH Computational Details.
We achieved a record indoor direct charging overall efficiency of an OPV and sodium ion battery of 13.1-14.4% over a wide range of LED illumination intensities of 150-15 000 lx.
For ADP, the picture is different, and due to the avoidance of scarce materials like cobalt or nickel, SIB (except the NaNMC) are closer to the reference than under GWP aspects.
Finally, comparing the electrochemical performances of several hard carbons, it seems that the sample pyrolyzed at 7 bar is an optimal material among the studied pressure range.
The function of hard carbon in converting solvation structures can also be observed from CH 2 rocking and C-O-C stretching of G2 solvents 53,55 as shown in Supplementary Fig. 7.
Although promising results of alloying SIB anodes have been reported, giving some glimpse into commercial-scale achievement, they are usually limited to lab-scale breakthroughs.
Lithium-rich layered oxides and sodium layered oxides represent attractive positive electrode materials exhibiting excess capacity delivered by additional oxygen redox activity.
The presence of rhombohedral R 3m (O3-type) phase is excluded, since the determined QS 1 and QS 2 values are much higher than the expected QS ≈ 0.47 mm/s for the O3-type phase .
In addition, we would like to see more polyanionic compounds discovered with 3D Na + diffusion pathways in the search for advanced SIB storage devices with high power densities.
For example, the recent porous γ -Fe 2 O 3 @C nanocomposites anode has been characterized by Chen's group exhibited high sodium storage capacity and outstanding cyclability 17 .
The nitrogen-doping of carbon can further increase its electronic conductivity, benet its affinity to electrolyte, and also increase its electroactive sites for Na-ion storage.
In total, 24 different SIB CAM were screened and compared with three LIB state-of-the-art technologies, namely LFP, NMC111 and NMC622, representing current battery technologies.
Despite the aforementioned material design strategies in Section "MATERIAL DESIGN STRATEGIES", there are still main bottlenecks in the vast applicability of alloying SIB anodes.
In this direction, Meng et al. 46 showed an increase in the plateau capacity with the increase in the closed pore fraction, calculated by using the true density of hard carbons.
As the O3-type has more Na + content than P2type, it is easier for its TMO2 glide, inducing O3-type to transform into P2 or P3 type during Na + intercalation/extraction process.
The only real limitation that prevents most sulfones from being attractive as an ambienttemperature electrolyte co-solvent for LIB (as well as SIB in the future) is their point.
As discussed earlier, the hard carbons obtained at 600 C have signicantly higher impurity content, higher surface area, smaller particles and a higher degree of graphitization.
Thus, the composite electrode of hard carbon and NaCBH not only increased the utilization of the active material but also accelerated the ion-transfer reaction at the interface.
Yang et al. 35 synthesized HC from rice starch for SIB applications, and their material exhibited a reversible capacity of approximately 300 mAh g -1 when cycled at 30 mA g -1 .
Co-doping of nitrogen and boron also provides more active sites on the surface of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 , revealing a new strategy for the modification of sodium-ion batteries.
Various researchers have also adopted dealloying to achieve the optimized morphology for SIB alloying electrode materials, although dealloying has not been explored extensively.
Furthermore, we observe, to our knowledge for the first time, the formation of metallic sodium species on hard carbon upon first charge (formation) in a full-cell configuration.
The ionic conductivity of the sodium ions within the bulk electrode is a crucial parameter in designing future cathode materials that can follow up with the high current rates .
However, it would be still interesting to check whether other advanced DFT methods, for example, DFT+DMFT can predict the lower voltage for NaCoO2, which can be a further study.
In Table S1, we summarize some of the reported cathodes for SIB devices with unique 3D diffusion pathways and their corresponding diffusion coefficients and activation barriers.
This special wetting effect and good contact between PLM particles reduces the migration barrier of sodium ion, resulting in good compatibility between PLM@ LE and sodium metal.
This is reflected in the revival of Na-ion battery (NIB) research, a field in which intense efforts are currently devoted to the search for high-performance electrode materials.
This finding supports previous models of quasi-metallic phases forming in carbon nanopores and provides profound insights about alkali-ion storage in hard carbon-like materials.
In this work, the effect of varying the size of the precursor raw materials SiO 2 and ZrO 2 in the solid-state synthesis of NASICON in the form Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 was studied.
Recent improvements in SIB capacity have been bestowed by nanoengineering and adopting advanced tools for material performance with in-situ and postmortem analysis of SIB cells.
This paper will focus on the electrolyte materials for SIBs, and the objective is to find electrolyte materials suitable for sodium-ion batteries applied in different scenarios.
When there exists anions, which causes precipitation with sodium ion, in contaminated water, cesium ion is coercively adsorbed into the cubic centre, due to charge compensation.
Non-metallic heteroatom doping enhances the active sites, facilitates the diffusion and electron transport of sodium ions, and improves the electrical conductivity of materials.
Density functional theory (DFT) calculations shed light on regarding electronic properties, lattice interlayer spacing, OVs site, and the energy barrier of sodium intercalation.
Although stable when sintered individually, apparently the pre-calcined powder crystallizes into a sodium rich NNFM phase and a sodium deficient NNFM when sintered with NaSICON.
Consequently, the quinones identified as potential candidates for Na-ion batteries in this study also possess attractive qualities for use in other types of metal-ion batteries.
The P3-type Na 2/3 Mg 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 is found to work as a promising high energy density and superior low-cost sodium-ion cathode using reversible lattice oxygen redox reaction.
The 2032 button batteries were assembled in a glove box lled with argon to evaluate the electrochemical performance of the prepared material as anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
The compatibilities of the anode and cathode in Na-ion batteries in these studied electrolytes are systematically assessed with HC‖Na, CNFM‖Na half cells and CNFM‖HC full cells.
Full-cell testing was performed in vacuum-sealed pouch cells containing a cellulosic separator and a half-charged Prussian blue reference electrode that operated as an observer.
The improved rate performance even at a high current density further implies that the Na ion is the ideal guest ion for boosting the SIB electrode efficiency of LT in this study.
The understanding generated in this work provides a totally new set of guiding principles for materials engineers working to optimize hard carbon for Na-ion battery applications.
In this study, hollow cobalt disulfide/nitrogen-doped carbon (CoS 2 /NC) nanoboxes were synthesized from cobalt-based Prussian blue analogues (PBA) through a sulfidation process.
With the advancement of the sodium-ion battery (SIBs) market, the corresponding anode electrode materials have emerged as a critical concern in the progression of SIB technology.
In the cycled cell, the color of the Na metal and the separator was changed to yellow, suggesting extensive electrolyte decompositions at the Na metal as well as the hard carbon.
Anode Materials (Hard Carbon, Graphite, Na Metal Anodes) The sodium-ion anode material, hard carbon, exhibits lower thermal stability compared to the lithium-ion anode, graphite.
Forth, the defects introduced by nitrogen doping make the feasible transport of large-sized sodium ion between graphene sheets and also increase the storage sites for sodium ion.
A series of Na2/3Ni0.23Mg0.1Mn0.67-x/100Snx/100O2 (NMMSx) (x = 0, 1, 2, 3) samples were synthesized and their chemical compositions were confirmed by ICP-AES analysis (Table S1).
As SIB anode, SnO 2 and SnO 2 @graphene nanocomposite delivered 432 mAh g -1 after 150 cycles and 638 mAh g -1 after 100 cycles, respectively (Liu et al., 2010;Su et al., 2013b).
Until now there have not been any substantial theories about what this term might represent physically in crystalline conductors such as those in the NASICON family studied here.
In summary, a prototype FARSIB was fabricated for the first time by growing nanocube-like KNHCF and rugby ballshaped NTP on CNTFs directly as the cathode and anode, respectively.
The morphologies of hard carbons were observed by an Inspect-F50A scanning electron microscope combined with energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (SEM-EDX; FEI, The Netherlands).
Sodium-ion batteries have attracted increasing attentions for large-scale energy storage applications because of the natural abundance of sodium resources and potential low cost.
Therefore, using P2-type sodium layered oxide materials as cathode requires increasing the cathode mass to compensate for the first irreversible capacity of the sodium full cell.
This study provides an effective strategy to improve the anionic redox reversibility and structural stability of layered oxides for high energy-density and stable sodium storage.
P2-type Na 2/3 Fe 2/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 has been successfully synthesized by the ceramic method, and its structure has been resolved by neutron and synchrotron X-ray powder diffraction.
Furthermore, the revealed difference in accessibility of the closed pores for sodium opens the new perspectives for the development of hard carbons with improved rate capability.
Moreover, the bismuth compounds could achieve compact sodium deposition in the sodiophilic framework during the cycle, which was conducive to promote the sodium storage behavior.
Therefore, the study on high-performance and low-cost sodium-ion battery electrodes materials is one of the most important directions for the development of sodium-ion batteries.
From these observations, the P-CoSe 2 @PDA-C NR microspheres exhibited superior ultralong cycling performance, suggesting long-lived advanced anodes for efficient Na-ion storage.
In addition, the electrical double-layered structure induced by strong charge transfer between sodium and nitrogen enables the sodium-ion diffusion barrier to be reduced greatly.
This is an improved value compared to the ionic conductivities (~10 -4 S•cm -1 ) of Hong-type NASICON (H-NASICON) compounds, represented by the composition Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 .
By introducing new atoms into the lattice in Prussian blue analogues, the original chemical properties can be modified to enhance the electrochemical performance of the material.
Chen and co-workers designed a five-components O3-type layered oxide cathode (Na 0.94 Ni 0.29 Cu 0.1 Fe 0.16 Mn 0.3 Ti 0.15 O 2 ) with uniform distribution of elements (Fig. 7f).
A thin but stable sodium ion permeable solid electrolyte interface (SEI) layer is easily formed in the electrolyte NaPF 6 -DME, facilitating its cycling and rate performance 32 .
The peak energy demand is projected to be reached in 2035 and will increase by a factor of 7.7 in the NMC scenario, 7.2-fold in the LFP scenario and 7.3-fold in the SIB scenario.
Furthermore, the chemical stability and mechanical properties of the Mg-doped NASICONs will also be investigated for their practical applications in Na-based secondary batteries.
Especially the assessed manganese and nickel-manganese based SIB chemistries show promising results, given that they achieve at least similar lifetimes as their LIB counterparts.
Significant discharge capacity corresponds to the low voltage region, and it has been suggested that this low-voltage plateau is related to the filling of pores with sodium ions.
As mentioned in the Introduction, hard carbons have a disordered and non-graphitizing structure, including curved and randomly aligned graphene sheets with a microporous texture.
This paper emphasizes several key parameters of sodium-ion batteries (interlayer distance, energy density), and attempts to optimize the selection of cathode and anode materials.
The energy density of a sodium ion battery is 100 ~ 150W⋅h / kg, higher than that of a lithium-ion battery, which means that a sodium ion battery can restore more battery energy.
Epoxy-NASICON is expected to be used more in the future because it can be used in a thinner state than that of existing solid electrolytes that have the same physical properties.
Additionally, the post-cycling Raman spectra of Na1 exhibit an attenuation in surface layered phase signals while those of Na0.55 remain almost unchanged (Supplementary Fig. 41).
In addition to compositional changes in SEIs, a new peak at about 282.5 eV can be identified from C 1s fitting results for the hard carbon cycled in ester electrolytes (Fig. 5b).
The sodium ion is larger than the lithium ion; hence, the material structure has to include a larger sodium site and ion migration channel for the reversible desorption reaction.
Additionally, by comparing the three hard carbon materials (CH-800-1300, CH-800-1500, and CH-800-1700), the temperaturedependent behavior of closed-pore formation can be derived.
For the Full cell assembly, to eliminate the irreversible capacity of the hard carbon anode, the hard carbon was precycled five cycles with a voltage window of 0.01 to 2.0 V (vs.
In both studies, the carbons with developed porosity that were pyrolyzed at a relatively low temperature exhibited the highest reversible sodium storage capacity (Fig. 2c andd ).
As positive electrode active material, a range of materials have been proposed, such as layered transition metal oxides 8 , polyanionic species 9 and Prussian blue analogues 10 .
Integrating biomass with MOF precursors will further optimize the performance of the battery, making this approach highly significant for the exploration of sodium-ion batteries.
Thirdly, the polymer/gel-like lm formed on the electrode surface could reversibly store/release Na-ions, which generates some extra capacity for the MoSe 2 /MoO 2 /NC electrode.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) display the essential properties required of a reliable energy-storage device, such as vast availability, good voltage output, and cost-effectiveness.
At the same time, when a large-scale SIB energy storage system participates in the spot power market, it can also obtain electricity revenue through the spot market trading mode.
As no further improvements were observed lower than 5 vol%, this strongly suggests that the sodium ion depletion in the interstitial space of the composite electrode is resolved.
Na-ion batteries (NIBs) can work similarly to Li-ion batteries (LIBs) when metal cations are inserted and are released into the anode and cathode during charging and discharging.
It is clear now that the P2-O2 phase transition leads to cracks and crystal-plane buckling, which hinder Na-ion migration in the bulk and reduce the accessible capacity (Fig. 8).
Sodium-ion batteries (SIB) are an alternative technology that share a number of qualities with LIB, but can be produced using fewer scarce resources and possibly lower cost 4,5 .
However, the effect of the precursor structure of hard carbon on the structure and electrochemical performance of uorinated carbon cathode materials has yet to be fully studied.
Hard carbon is a promising negative electrode material for rechargeable sodium-ion batteries due to the ready availability of their precursors and high reversible charge storage.
The formation of a glassy phase in NASICON material has already been reported, being apparently associated with elevated sintering temperatures as well as a low sodium contents .
S6. † Furthermore, to conrm the longer cyclability of NTP-M//NVOPF-rGO Na-ion full-cell, we have run this full-cell for 1000 charge-discharge cycles at a 2C (260 mA g À1 ) rate.
This leads to a considerable reduction of the diffusion distance of Na-ions in the solid phase, which is beneficial for cycling stability and rate capability (Fang et al., 2021).
For the sample HC-1000, the coulombic efficiency aer the 100 cycles remains approximately 99%, indicating hard carbon from PVP is very suitable as an anode for Na-ion batteries.
The minimum energy path (MEP) for Na-ions migration is obtained from the climbing image nudged elastic band (CINEB) 59 method with a force convergence tolerance of 0.01 eV Å -1 .
The results indicate that they are inferior to micro-nano structure carbon and suggest that the micro-nano structure hard carbon is an ideal anode candidate for Na-ion batteries.
The larger number of defects available in the graphene at lower temperatures promotes Na-ion adsorption at surface defects/edges, resulting in more sloping capacity contribution.
As shown in Fig. 5c, when discharged to 0.4 V, the impedance spectrum is dominated by a high-frequency semicircle, corresponding to a surface-adsorption sodium storage mechanism.
The direct current (DC) Na plating/stripping experiments were used to measure the impedance of sodium ion migration at the interface and the stability of SLE against sodium metal.
The inhibited dissolution of Mn/Fe, suppressed phase transition, and improved capacitive storage that benet from the PEDOT coating greatly promote the sodium storage performance.
It was found that both raw and purified graphites exhibit good electrochemical activities with respect to lithium and sodium ions through completely different reaction mechanisms.
The pore insertion energetics dictate not only the capacity of the hard carbon, but also the termination voltage at maximum state of charge when hard carbon is used in full cells.
The heteroatom-doped hard carbonbased anode effectively increases the interlayer spacing with more active adsorption sites to improve the Na + /K + adsorption/ desorption process.
We present a novel approach to utilizing kraft lignin, a common form of industrial lignin, as a precursor for hard carbon materials suitable for use in electrochemical capacitors.
Synchrotron X-ray diffraction (SXRD) pattern of the P2-Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 Powder was collected at the BL14B1 beamline of the Shanghai Synchrotron Radiation Facility (SSRF).
Ether-based electrolytes are being studied for SIBs, particularly for their effectiveness in promoting the reversible cointercalation of solvated sodium ions into graphite anodes.
Among all the sacrificial salts, the carbon-based Na 2 CO 3 , Na 2 C 4 O 4 , and Na 2 C 3 O 5 have been demonstrated to reduce the irreversible capacity of P2-type layered oxides.
Furthermore, our extraction strategy is not limited to the synthesis parameters, cycling performance, and rate performance properties of sodium layered cathode materials for SIBs.
De-ionized water was used to prepare solution of potassium hydroxide. hard carbon was prepared by a three step procedure which included dehydration, porogenic stage and pyrolysis.
In symmetrical sodium-ion battery test, the battery was assembled into a coin-type full cell and was anode limited with as-prepared Na 2 VTi(PO 4 ) 3 @C as both cathode and anode.
S4. † It can be witnessed that the carbon-coated NMVAP/C, NMVFP/C, and NMVTP/C samples crystallize in the NASICON structured phase of trigonal symmetry with a space group of R 3c.
In the present work, a model is formulated, validated, and subsequently applied to microstructures of hard carbon electrodes obtained from scanning electron microscopy (SEM) data.
Knowing that Fe and Al distribution in the earth's crust is ample, the realization of stable sodium storage properties from NMVAP/C and NMVFP/C cathodes could be highly benecial.
A composite electrode, consisting of hard carbon spheres (HCS) and NZAS 2.35 P-10N 2 B, was fabricated by consolidating the mixture through heating at 900 °C in an N 2 atmosphere.
For both materials, the obtained XRD pattern (Fig. 2E andF) can be indexed with the hexagonal space group P6 3 /mmc (SG 194), indicating phase pure P2-type crystalline structures.
The RGO cathode shows a high sodium storage capacity of 240 mAh g -1 at a current density of 30 mA g -1 over 1000 cycles, which indicates the excellent stability of this material.
The uorine-free interphase demonstrates improved cycling performance across multiple battery congurations, including SIBs, SMBs, and anode-free sodium metal batteries (Fig. 5g).
Details for further cathode materials featuring two-dimensional Na-ion migration paths including tavorite-type Na 2 FePO 4 F and maricite-type NaFePO 4 are shown in the ESI † (cf.
On the other hand, the CF of HC is nearly a magnitude lower than that of SGr, enabling several SIB cell chemistries to exhibit comparable cradle-to-gate emissions to the LIB cell.
Compared to P2-type Na 0.67 MnO 2 , the calculated geomean D Na+ values of S-NMO are 11 times higher during the charge process and 2 times higher during the discharge process 20 .
Herein, we report an effective strategy to minimize the surface area of sucrose-derived hard carbon simply by introducing graphene oxide (GO) suspension into the sucrose solution.
The introduction of two kinds of defects into ZnSe can collectively increase adsorption sites and promote reaction kinetics, contributing to better electrochemical sodium storage.
Overall stability of the NaSICON compounds was determined with respect to the entire Ca-Na-V-P-O chemical space including all competing phases from the Materials Project database.
It is worth noting that the diffusion coefficient shows good symmetry during the charge and discharge process, which implies the remarkable reversibility of sodium ion diffusions.
Apart from that, the long-term cycling stabilities of sodium storage of N1-xKxVPF/C (x = 0, 0.03, 0.08 and 0.13) at a high current density of 10 C were also revealed in Figure 4g.
The calculation results show that with the increase of the number of TBs, the sodium diffusion energy barrier is greatly reduced, which helps the kinetics of sodium ion reactions.
Selected area electron diffraction (SAED) images of 2 wt% MgO-coated samples are shown in Figure 3I with continuous diffraction rings, indicating the P2-type structure of samples.
To Mn, Co and Ni in the NaTM[O 3 PCH(OH)CO 2 ] 21,44 family exhibit similar specific capacities as Fe, along with comparable twodimensional migration barriers of sodium ions (Fig.
Key findings include the successful synthesis and validation of three NASICON materials predicted by the model, with experimental results closely matching the model's predictions.
These findings provide a fundamental understanding of voltageinduced cation-anion redox in layered oxide cathodes, advancing the rational design of highenergy-density SIB systems.
The positioning of these ions within the lattice is crucial in determining the polymorph and its properties, making NaMPO 4 materials particularly interesting for SIB technology .
Then, the open pores were repaired in combination with subsequent high temperature carbonization to prepare coalderived hard carbon materials with abundant closed pore structures.
Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 delivers 30% capacity from the Mn redox within the voltage range of 1.8 -2.7 V while the Mn redox provides 35% discharge capacity in Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2.
This control ensures optimal Na-ion availability, minimizes side reactions, and supports stable SEI formation and cathode structure retention for better performance of full cells.
The eld emission scanning electron microscopy (FE-SEM) images conrm that the solid structure Prussian blue change to the hollow structure aer the self-templated synthesis (Fig.
For organic Na-ion battery, the cathode slurry was prepared by mixing 85 wt.% active material, 10 wt.% super C65 (IMERYS), and 5 wt.% PVDF (polyvinylidene difluoride; Solef 6020).
Aqueous electrolyte sodium-ion batteries offer advantages such as higher ion migration rates, lower costs, and greater safety compared to organic electrolyte sodium-ion batteries.
According to the model, the sodium ions are inserted between nearly parallel layers of carbon in the sloping region, followed by pore filling in the plateau potential region 284 .
The development of low-cost and long-lasting all-climate cathode materials for the sodium ion battery has been one of the key issues for the success of large-scale energy storage.
These data indicate that the Ni 2 þ /3 þ /4 þ redox reaction can be utilized to obtain high capacity in O3-type Ni-rich layer compounds, even at high rates, in the RAHC particles.
Therefore, NVAP materials can provide more active sites to promote sodium-ion transfer and enhance electronic conductivity, thus effectively improving electrochemical performance.
Interestingly, the pristine samples showed higher resistance in sodium-cell, suggesting that the surface modification was essential for improving the sodium insertion/ extraction.
To the best of our knowledge, this is the best rate capability among all reported Ti-based anode materials as well as the hard carbon and other metal oxides for SIBs 28,29,47,48 .
As displayed in Fig. 6a andb, during the rst charge, both the irreversible sodium storage sites of the anode and the formation of the SEI will consume considerable active sodium.
Co-intercalation is a complex process that can, for example, cause opposing fluxes, meaning that solvents intercalate into the CAMs while sodium ions simultaneously deintercalate.
In 2014, the Yamada group reported an Fe-based sulfate alluaudite, Na 2 Fe 2 (SO 4 ) 3 , acting as a 3.8 V SIB cathode material with excellent rate capability and energy density .
Hence, this approach is suitable for the study of the inuence of various substituents and temperatures on the ionic diffusion of multi-element NaSICONs of arbitrary compositions.
Additionally, these ether-based electrolytes possess a high LUMO energy level, facilitating the formation of a thin and stable SEI, with excellent compatibility with sodium metal.
The authors showed that at 1200 °C, the hard carbon produced from lignin has a much lower N2 SSA (19.7 m 2 g -1 ) compared to that of HC derived from cellulose (103.1 m 2 g - 1 ).
Further, they can inform on the mechanisms that drive these reactions, enhancing our understanding of the synthesis of Na-ion LTMO materials and guiding their future optimization.
Na + /Na to enable the extraction of two sodium ions per Na 3 (VOPO 4 ) 2 F formula unit, while preventing a large increase in cell impedance due to [CB 11 H 12 ] À decomposition.
The Na2/3Fe1/3Mn2/3O2 or Na2/3Fe1/3Mn0.57Ti0.1O2 (80 wt%), Super P (10 wt%) and polyvinylidene fluoride (10 wt%) were dissolved in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidinone solvent to form slurry.
To summarize, both methods show a reasonably low activation energy barrier that is comparable to previous studies on NASICON ceramic ionic conductors, as discussed in Chapter 3.1.
The refined lattice parameters for Na0.55 and Na1 were a = b = 2.928 Å, c = 16.414 Å, and a = b = 2.969 Å, c = 15.962 Å, respectively, which match with the XRD refinement results.
A promising development in SIBs is the use of hard carbons as anode materials due to their low insertion voltage and larger interlayer spacing, which improve sodium-ion insertion.
For both LiCoO 2 and NaCoO 2 , the intercalant favors prismatic coordination in a local P3 stacking and octahedral (as opposed to tetrahedral) coordination in a local O1 stacking.
This is evident in Fig. 6d-f, where the pristine hard carbon electrode surface is compared to the surface of the electrode, which was sodiated below the potential of sodium metal.
There has been a great deal of research activity on various carbons including hard carbons , carbon fiber , graphene , and carbon spheres 31,32 to improve the performance of NIBs.
First, we investigated the effect of excess Na in the NaMnO 2 structure and found competition between the two monoclinic phases and orthorhombic phase depending on the Na content.
Regarding the cycling stability, the major finding was that nano-Sb 2 S 3 exhibited significantly higher capacity retention for both Li-ion and Na-ion storage than bulk Sb 2 S 3 .
If the alloy anodes (Si, Ge, Sn, Pb, Sb, and P) remaining after the conversion reaction can be alloyed with sodium ions, they form a transition metal-sodium alloy as in reaction .
Sodium (NA) super (S) ionic (I) conductor (CON) abbreviated as NASICON are suitable for use as solid electrolytes due to their excellent ionic conductivity and chemical stability.
Variations in round-trip efficiency led to overall losses that are approx. 165 TWh and 148 TWh higher for the NMC and SIB scenarios, respectively, in contrast to the LFP scenario.
In this case, large volume change during the sodium ion insertion/extraction process leads to structure collapse of the cathode materials, causing poor rate and cycle performance.
The Na-ion full cells were fabricated using the same separator and electrolyte as the half cells, with CVO-450 as the anode and Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C nanoparticles as the cathode.
In the first cathodic scan, the weak and broad region located at 1.16 V corresponded to the formation of Na x CoSe 2 as an intermediate with the insertion of Na-ions into CoSe 2 .
For double-layer GDY with AB stacking pattern, the conguration with maximum sodium storage capacity not losing structural stability corresponds to NaC 6 , as depicted in Fig. 2b.
In Figure 3(c), the voltage profile of the SIB using NFCCu coupled with HC which was presodiated in half-cell (pHC) demonstrates the same characteristics as the cell using pure HC.
Owing to these advantageous structural characteristics and the heteroatomic co-doping of nitrogen and sulfur, MoS 2 /NSGs-G demonstrates greatly reversible sodium storage capacity.
In general, liquid electrolytes have a higher ionic conductivity than solid electrolytes because they have better flow properties and facilitate the rapid migration of sodium ions.
Furthermore, disordered carbon structures offer additional storage sites for reversible Na-ion adsorption, contributing signicantly to capacity, particularly at higher potentials.
To investigate the potential of borophene as an anode material in sodium-ion batteries, first-principles calculations and ab initio molecular dynamics simulations were carried out.
Pure sodium metal was used as anode, glass ber membrane as separator, 1 mol L À1 NaClO 4 in ethylene carbonate (EC): propylene carbonate (PC) (1 : 1 v/v ratio) as the electrolyte.
In this study, homogeneous iron vanadate derivatization from iron vanadium Prussian blue was successfully carried out using an energy efficient infrared furnace utilizing CO 2 gas.
This agrees well with the presence of 4% vacancies in Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and confirms that the vacancies are an additional source of the oxygen redox in Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2.
This may be due to zinc playing a catalytic role in graphitization. 26 An appropriate increase in graphitization degree is conducive to the interlayer intercalation of sodium ions.
Hong et al. obtained S-doped hard carbon through the molten salts method using S and Na 2 S 2 O 3 powders as S sources, which exhibited a capacity of 200 mAh g -1 at 1000 mA g -1 .
We present new insights into the electrochemical properties of three metal sulfides MCr 2 S 4 (M = Cr, Ti, Fe) probed as anode materials in sodium-ion batteries for the first time.
In this study, we first focused on O3-type Na₁₊ₓMnO 2 cathode materials for x = 0-1 with 0.1 increments using single-step heat treatment at 900 °C for 4 h under ambient conditions.
In the electrochemical method, HC electrode was cycled in half-cell for 3 cycles, then interrupted at 0.1 V on the 4 th discharge, and was denoted as pHC (presodiated hard carbon).
During this stage, sodium storage involves the rearrangement of ions and counterions at the electrode-electrolyte interface and occupation of weakly bound surface adsorption sites.
When the current rate is reduced to 0.1C, the Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 electrode still delivers a reversible capacity of about 195.31 mAh g -1 , indicating a good rate capability.
The Arrhenius plot of Na-ion diffusivity in Figure 5 indicates an activation energy of 0.57 eV for Na3CrCl6, resulting in an ionic conductivity of 2×10 -7 S/cm at room temperature.
The energy dispersive X-ray analysis (EDS) in Figure 2h showed that the atomic ratios of Na: K: V: P: F elements were close to the stoichiometric configuration of Na0.92K0.08VPF/C.
The functionality of InHCF as an intercalation compound for aqueous Na-ion batteries was confirmed by means of cyclic voltammetry and galvanostatic cycling, as well as XPS and EIS.
This research not only enhances the understanding of ion-doping effects in NASICON materials but also establishes a robust framework for material design and practical applications.
Figure 6d shows good cyclic stability of the HE-K-PBA || hard carbon full cell over 200 cycles at 1.0 A g -1 and high retention of 82.7 % as 182.4 mAh g -1 during the 200 th cycle.
Yoshida et al. revealed that substituting Mn with Ti in P2-type Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3Àx Ti x O 2 , enhanced the cycling performance and increased average discharge voltage to 3.7 V.
Our first-principles computations show that crystalline Na x Si 24 exhibits useful electrochemical properties and is, therefore, an interesting anode material for Na-ion batteries.
In the MOFs the metal ions and organic ligands are present which can form the porous structures are the promising materials for the electrode materials in the sodium ion batteries.
When sodium-ion battery operates in a low-temperature environment, the problems such serious capacity attenuation, short cycle life, and difficulty in charging, are still existing.
After mounting the full cell, which comprises a cathode as the working electrode and hard carbon as the counter electrode, electrode-electrolyte interphases are formed (Figure 38).
Working electrodes were obtained from inks produced using 0.1 g of composite or pure hard carbon with a polyvinylidene difluoride (PVDF, Solvay) binder at a weight ratio of 95 : 5.
The study provided a convenient, efficient, and controllable strategy to modify the electrochemical performance of HC as a SIB anode with a high capacity in the low-voltage region.
Furthermore, it comprehensively analyses recent developments in SIB anodes based on Nb-C and VC hybrid materials, shedding light on their electrochemical and structural properties.
Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) suffer from lower tap density and the presence of water of crystallization in their structures known to pose safety threats and thermal runaway issues.
The precipitate was thoroughly washed with deionized water through centrifugation and then dried under vacuum at 100 °C for 18 hours to obtain the ironbased Prussian blue material.
Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS) determined that a solid electrolyte interphase (SEI), resistive to sodium-ion migration, formed at each sodium metal|NASICON interface.
The good Na-ion insertion was associated with the short diffusion distance provided by the carbon nanowire and the large interlayer distance (0.37 nm) between the graphitic sheets.
X-ray diffraction and absorption characterizations revealed reversible phase transformations and electronic structural changes during the Na+ deintercalation/intercalation process.
To avoid the solvation structure of the electrolyte due to longterm exposure to the air, the hard carbon electrode was placed in an in situ Raman cell (Hohsen Corp., Osaka, Japan).
The interconnected hollow carbon sphere showed type-I/IV behaviors with pore volumes ranging from 2 nm to 15 nm, and larger interlayer spacing allowed for excellent Na-ion storage.
Key findings of the study include the successful synthesis and experimental validation of three high-performing NASICON materials, which were accurately predicted by the CNN model.
To better understand the effect of lithium doping on the sodium P2-type structure, Raman spectra of the Na 0.72 Li x -Mn 1-x O 2 series were collected and are presented in Fig. 2D.
In general, inorganic solid electrolytes can be categorized in different groups such as oxides (perovskite, garnet), phosphates (NASICON), sulfides, hydrides, halides and glasses .
Therefore, constructing a stable solid electrolyte interface (SEI) while facilitating easier desolvation of sodium ions in the electrolyte is key to achieving stable fast charging.
.67O2 represents a promising cathode for Na-ion batteries, but it suffers from severe structural degradation upon storing in a humid atmosphere and cycling at high cut-off voltage.
Hard carbon was synthesized through a two-step pyrolysis of corncob, as reported in our previous work. 8 Briey, the initial heat treatment was performed at 900 °C with a 1 h hold.
In conclusion, the present investigation elucidates the signicant potential of hard carbon derived from olive pomace as a highly effective anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
Graphite cannot be used as an anode in sodium-ion batteries because the size of the ion/cation radius of sodium metal is much larger, resulting in de-intercalation of sodium ions .
As the carbonization temperature increases, the spacing between the carbon layers decreases, which facilitates the intercalation of sodium ions and thus increases storage capacity.
Coin-type cell (CR 2032) was assembled in an Argon-filled glove box (Mbraun, Unilab, Germany) using sodium metal (Sigma-Aldrich, 99.9% trace metals basis) as the counter electrode.
The thermal stability and structural evolution of sodium-based cathode materials are critical factors influencing their performance and safety in rechargeable sodium-ion batteries.
The graph displays the 2h range between 27°and 32°, where the main reflections of the monoclinic zirconia (00-037-1484) and the monoclinic NaSICON (00-035-0412) phases are located.
A database including 100 charge-discharge data of Na half cells of 68 different O3-type NaMeO 2 compositions evaluated in our group over the past 11 years was used (Fig. 1a, S1 †).
The sodium-ion full-batteries were assembled using commercial Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C as the cathode (aluminum foil as a current collector) and Fe 7 S 8 or V 1.87 FeS 4 as the anode.
Turning to electrochemical properties, sodium ions present both challenges and opportunities for battery performance due to their larger ionic radius (1.02 Å vs. lithium's 0.76 Å).
Considering the novel resource-efficient synthesis route and good electrochemical performance, SnSb/CNTs we report here is promising for practical applications in Na-ion batteries.
CityU-26 demonstrates an impressive sodium storage capability of 365 mA h g -1 with a current density of 150 mA g -1 , and the capability could reach 315 mA h g -1 at 750 mA g -1 .
The pouch-type full cells were assembled with MgO coating NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 and hard carbon, delivers excellent capacity retention of 70% after 200 cycles at 1.0-4.1 V (Fig. 5d).
S18a, the assembled sodium-ion full cell presents a pair of strong redox peaks due to the clearly visible electrochemical reaction platform of both the cathode and anode materials.
To address the sluggish kinetics associated with heavier sodium ions, a more suitable host framework needs to be explored that can better accommodate and facilitate Na + transport.
This demonstrates the excellent sodium storage property of the NASICON-type NMVTP/C cathode even aer repeated charge/ discharge cycles, owing to its inherent structural stability.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a compelling alternative to lithium-ion technology, addressing urgent needs for sustainable and cost-effective energy storage solutions.
Crucially, precursor selection dictates closed-pore density, with N-rich chitosanderived hard carbon developing denser closed-pore architecture than exclusively O-doped precursors.
Indeed, the Na3V2(PO4)2F3 via in situ substitution K + doped could be an appealing material for sodium-ion batteries with suppressed voltage hysteresis and ultralong cycle lifespan.
Furthermore, the barrier energy for Na-ion migration on the TaS 2 /GeC heterostructure plays a crucial role in determining the efficiency of metal-ion transport within the material.
The cathode material was prepared using NaCoPO 4 , acetylene black, and polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) binder at a ratio of 70:20: 10, and the mixture was grounded well in a mortar.
The Mn-O-F anode exhibited dominant diffusion/surface-controlled kinetics for Li/Na-ion storage, respectively, showing a major conversion mechanism for the charge storage processes.
S6 †). 67 In conclusion, we have successfully synthesized polycrystalline Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 and demonstrated its potential application as an anode material for Li-and Na-ion batteries.
In Ref. , the decrease in the ionic conductivities of the NASICON with the transition to the rhombohedral structure was clearly observed when excessive amounts of dopants were used.
As such, uncertainties regarding the role of transition metal migration in phase transformations, such as formation of the "Z phase" from an initial P2-type structure, still remain.
For sodium ion storage, a desodia-NiP 2 NCs, the capacities fell to below 600 mAh g -1 after just the first 10 cycles, and faded to less than 400 mAh g -1 during subsequent cycling.
The adsorption experiment was conducted as below: 2.0 g/L of Prussian blue analogue-functionalized magnetic microgel was added into cesium solution (3.0 ppm) in a polyethylene tube.
In this study, the electrode volume expansion during cycling was investigated using in situ electrochemical dilatometry (ECD) as a novel technique to investigate sodium ion storage.
Furthermore, VS 2 /Gr demonstrates remarkable energy storage capacity, achieving a maximum specific capacity of 1156 mAh g À1 for Li-ion storage and 770 mAh g À1 for Na-ion storage.
In addition, the lower cost of sodium-ion batteries makes them more attractive in applications where price is a major consideration, such as mass-market EVs or grid storage systems.
The HR-TEM image confirmed the short turbostratic nanodomain before and after potassiation and the minor structural change in the hard carbon resulted in better cycling performance.
There are 10 different vibration modes: 2A g + 2B g + 4A u + 4B u for the monoclinic phase, and 4A g + 4 B 2g + 4B 3g + 4B 1u + 4B 2u + 4B 3u for the orthorhombic phase of NaMnO 2 .
Hard carbon là vật liệu điện cực âm được nghiên cứu và ứng dụng rộng rãi trong công nghệ pin sạc NIB với ưu điểm vượt trội là chi phí sản xuất thấp, dung lượng và độ bền chu kì cao.
At least, Na-rich P3-type does not present clear advantage as they convert to O3-type upon discharge while the direct synthesis of Na-rich P2-type layered oxide remains a challenge.
Whereas typical anode materials used in LIBs, such as graphite, are not suitable for use in SIBs, hard carbon anodes have shown a reversible capacity of approximately 300 mAh g -1 .
In conclusion, we successfully employed a "dual-polar connement" strategy to design a CoS/TiO 2 -SC composite electrode for efficient sodium storage in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
The CNN was trained on the integrated database, learning intricate patterns and correlations between the structural features of NASICON compounds and their electrochemical behavior.
Typically, a P2-type NaxTMO2 is more sensitive to air exposure than a O3-type, so there exists urgent need to find suitable air resistance doping methods especially for the P2-type.
Leading Chinese battery company CATL (Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited) has announced that the second generation of sodium-ion batteries has been successfully developed.
NaSICON solid electrolytes were synthesized and tested in liquid Na symmetric cells to study the Na|NaSICON interface and the propagation of Na metal through the solid electrolytes.
Figure 2 shows the cross-sectional SEM image and EDS elemental mappings of the all-solid-state cell (Na-Sn/Na 3 PS 4 /hard carbon-Na 3 BS 3 ) after the fifth charge-discharge cycle.
MC-T500D7, the hard carbon sample that had been preheated at 500 °C for 7 days, yielded a disordered carbon layer that might be well-suited to sodium ion insertion and de-insertion.
This improvement has been attributed to the increased concentration of mobile lithium ions and the development of more favourable diffusion pathways within the NASICON-type lattice.
One promising alternative is the sodium-ion battery (SIB), which shares a similar structure with LIBs, comprising anodes, cathodes, separators, electrolytes, and current collectors.
The Na + insertion mechanism in SuperP has already been studied elsewhere. 31 Atomic thick interlayer spaces of graphite and voids around defects of graphite can insert sodium-ions.
The formation of P'2-type is induced by the sodium ion occupying the trigonal prismatic site and distorting the MnO 6 octahedra caused by the formation of Jahn-Teller active Mn 3+ .
Hence, an ideal coating material should not only protect the electrode but also facilitate sodium ion diffusion through a three-dimensional path, ensuring superior rate performance.
Hard carbons, which can be obtained from various precursors such as biomass, biopolymers, and synthetic polymers, have become the most appealing anode materials for these batteries.
Finally, we have shown the NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 -MWCNT (NTP-M)//Na 3 V 2 O 2X (PO 4 ) 2 F 3À2X -rGO (NVOPF-rGO) full-cell to conrm the possibility for real Na-ion battery applications.
Finally, the uorinated product was cleaned with a dilute Na 2 CO 3 solution and deionized water to remove free F 2 , and vacuum dried at 60 °C to obtain the uorinated hard carbon.
Continual advancement in knowledge regarding transition metal migration, phase transitions and the oxygen redox reaction in sodium layered oxides are essential to their development.
It is well known that N-doping can effectively promote the conductivity of hard carbon anodes, and the synergistic effect with other elements can make this improvement more obvious.
In summary, we have developed an NH 3 -assisted carbon structure engineering strategy to regulate closed-pore structures in cyano-functionalized phenolic resin-derived hard carbons.
If there was a considerable amount of NaFePO 4 then these peaks would become more visible (as NaFePO 4 is inactive) and there is about 10% Fe 2+ remaining in the de-sodiated sample.
This high-potential platform was associated with the local structure of defects within the vortex-layer stack of soft carbon and the high binding energy associated with sodium ions.
Among them, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered as one of the most promising choices for LSESSs owing to low cost, high abundance, and wide distribution of sodium resources .
Unlike layered oxides that tolerate cation mixing and planar disorder, NASICONs require precise site occupancy and local symmetry to maintain Na + mobility and structural integrity.
Currently, three main categories of positive electrode materials are being extensively investigated: polyanion compounds 1,2 , layered oxides 3,4 , and Prussian blue analogs (PBAs).
In this work, TiHCF was synthesized by simple co-precipitation method, and the as-prepared sample shown good electrochemical performance in both organic Na-ion and Li-ion batteries.
The materials properties that each technique probes will be briefly discussed, along with examples of how these techniques are utilized in situ during the synthesis of Na-ion LTMOs.
Crystal structure of the P2-type is built of brucite-type edge-sharing octahedral layers containing transition metals with trigonal prismatic interlayer space containing sodium 37 .
From Figure 4h, we also notice that from Na2/3 toward Na1/6, there is likely a switch of Ni redox contribution from those Ni ions neighboring the doped Li ion to those away from it.
Effective thermal management is essential to ensure SIB performance, safety, and longevity, as excessive heat can lead to thermal runaway, capacity degradation, and safety hazards .
The researchers propose that these electrodes can accommodate more sodium ions, leading to the sluggish kinetics of sodium ions and limiting the cell's overall coulombic efficiency.
More importantly, we introduce, for the rst time, anionic redox-based P2-type cathodes in SSNMB with a high specic capacity of 180 mA h g -1 at a broad voltage range of 1.5-4.5 V.
For investigating the effect of rGO sheets on intercalation/deintercalation behavior of sodium ions, the NVP/C and NVP/G8 electrodes were evaluated by CV, as displayed in Figure 5B.
All the intense diffraction peaks are indexed to a hexagonal lattice with space group P 63/mmc , and additional small peaks can be indexed to a P3-type structure (space group: R3m).
Hard carbons are a particular kind of carbon, composed of statistically oriented micron-sized graphite domains leaving many intercrystalline pores of various dimensions. (Figure 1).
Prussian blue electrodes were prepared by ball milling the pristine powder together with C65 carbon (C-NERGY) and sodium alginate (A2033 SIGMA) in wt% ratio of 87 : 10 : 3 in water.
Based on the formulation of Na 2.66 FePO 4 CO 3 , the first charge capacity could be about 159 mAh/g, as calculated from the extraction of 1.66 moles of sodium ion per formula unit.
These hierarchical pores will serve as pathways for electrolyte permeation, shortening the diffusion, and transfer distance of sodium ions, thus favoring sodium storage performance.
Due to the higher elastic modulus of the secondary phase (ZrO 2 * 200 GPa; HfO 2 * 150 GPa), the crack deflects at the secondary phase-NASICON interface as can be seen in Fig. 7b) .
This article summarizes the current research progress and problems that need to be solved on cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries, hoping to provide new ideas for researchers.
We assume that after all the existing interlayer spaces and defects reaches its maximum sodium storage capacity, pore filling starts corresponding to the low voltage plateau region.
The O3-type NaFeO 2 attracted a lot of attention due to its inexpensive and non-toxic features, and is expected to have a reversible Fe 4+ /Fe 3+ conversion (Yabuuchi et al., 2012).
Statistical summary of reported data from 295 sodium-ion half-cells reported in the literature. cm 2 ) to 10 mg/cm 2 ) and only less than 1% of them reported the electrolyte amount.
This low diffusion energy barrier height demonstrated their facile Na-ion diffusion on the Nb 2 C monolayer, which is one of the important characteristics in energy storage systems.
The primitive hexagonal unit cell contains two formula units (f.u.) as it spans two layers of sodium-ions/transition metals and its volume is V ¼ ffiffi ffi 3 p =2 a 2 c ¼ 80:4Å 3 .
These results show that HCS materials can give high capacities at a high depotassiation rates when the hard carbon potassiation is not limited by the K metal stripping polarization.
Low-cost Fe-based Prussian blue analogues often suffer from capacity degradation, resulting in continuous energy loss, impeding commercialization for practical sodium-ion batteries.
As Hwang reviewed in the electrochemical behavior of hard carbons may be substantially improved by the incorporation of heteroatoms (such as N, B, S and P) by any doping procedures.
We then estimated the electrochemical performance of Na x TiO 2 compounds in the TB phases by calculating the electrode potential and the activation energy for sodium ion migration.
These results demonstrate that sodium ion batteries prepared by Na2FePO4F/CNT multilayer cathodes have good multi-cycle operation performance, good reversibility, and fast dynamics.
The Na0.55 can exert high specific capacities of 80.6 mAh/g and 60.2 mAh/g at 5 C (600 mA g -1 ) and 10C (1200 mA g -1 ), while the Na1 only has 60 mAh/g and 46 mAh/g, respectively.
Herein, hard carbon materials featuring abundant nano-closed pores were synthesized through a two-step process of CO 2 etching activation followed by high-temperature carbonization.
The calculation of the V OCV for an exemplary layered oxide compound Na x MO 2 follows: In eqn ( 2), E DFT is stated in eV and sodium metal is chosen as the reference for the anode.
During desodiation (charge), sodium ions are removed from the structure, resulting in increasing repulsive forces between the oxygen ions and an increase of the interlayer distance.
These findings provide insights into the local structural chemistry of Prussian blue analogues and offer guidance for the development of positive materials for sodium-ion batteries.
They possess an average voltage plateau at B0.8 V, revealing the structural stability and the high reversibility of the insertion/extraction of sodium ions within the host material.
Amorphous TiO 2 prepared by electrochemical anodization technique has provide a suitability as anode SIB materials, which approved by conducting XRD, FTIR, and SEM-EDX measurements.
In addition, the coalderived hard carbon material obtained by direct hightemperature carbonization of bituminous coal aer impurity removal at 1300 °C for 2 hours is labeled as BHC.
The morphology and mechanical behavior of the outer SEI on hard carbons were recorded in an AFM using tapping mode imaging with an antimony-doped silicon tip (BRUKER RTESPA-300-30).
This led us to hypothesize that the slope region capacity is due to sodium ion adsorption on disordered graphene layers and intercalation into graphene layers with suitable spacing.
This type has generally been observed for Cobalt-based sodium layered oxides , whereas only P2-O2/O3-P3 phase transitions have been reported in the case of NLNMO kind of materials .
Structural modifications, such as creating porous or disordered structures, improve sodium-ion diffusion but may compromise thermal stability if defects weaken the graphite lattice.
This strongly suggests that the reversible phase transition occurs between 4.15 and 1.5 V. 17 Additionally, in situ XRD prole provides us with a rm sodium storage assessment (Fig.
After the extraction of Na + , the Na-ion tunnels became smaller in the x and y-direction and wider in the z-direction (Fig. 5c) which agreed well with the lattice parameter values.
To achieve this, a family of cathode materials with a wide range of R values is desired, yet conventional O3-type cathode materials turn into P2-type structure when R is above 1.62.
The second most promising Na-ion anode material is Sb (and Sb-based compounds), with theoretical capacity of 660 mAh g 21 (for Sb«Na 3 Sb conversion) and good cycling stability 52 .
Electrochemical sodium storage properties of three cathodes are studied using the CV technique in a half cell at a sweep rate of 0.1 mV s -1 in the voltage domain between 4.15-1.5 V.
For example, in the first cell tested at 500 mA cm -2 (named SnNaSICONSn-500), four 1-hour intervals were applied, and one 36 min interval was to be applied to achieve 2.3 Ah cm -2 .
Generally, high solid diffusion coefficients are reported for P2-type Na X TMO 2 , when the sodium content X < 0.75, due to wide diffusion channels 24 and single vacancy hopping 25 .
These results signify OVs combined with carbon coating can enhance the electrochemical kinetics of B-TiO2(B) electrode, leading to more reversible sodium ion insertion or extraction.
The P2-type Na 2/3 [Fe 1/2 Mn 1/2 ]O 2 was able to deliver a reversible capacity of up to 190 mA h g À1 , compared to 124 mA h g À1 in O3-Na[Fe 1/2 Mn 1/2 ]O 2 , as shown in Fig. 3d.
Likewise, Na diffusion in VS 2 /Gr (0.16 eV) is considerably lower than in pristine VS 2 (0.63 eV), 14 confirming the effectiveness of the composite in facilitating Na-ion transport.
While Li-ion batteries will likely remain the dominant energy storage technology for the foreseeable future, the development of Na-ion batteries represents a significant advancement.
These gaps highlight the need to develop electrolytes that enhance SEI stability on hard carbon and to quantify the thermal behavior of modified graphite anodes to mitigate TR risks.
This combination of a sustainable synthesis approach and excellent electrochemical performance holds signicant promise for advancing the development of next-generation SIB cathodes.
Both the microfibrillated cellulose (MFC) and cotton snippets (CS) are carbonized at 1,000 °C for an isothermal hold time of 1 h to prepare hard carbons MFC-C and CS-C, respectively.
As shown in Fig. 6(b), the aqueous sodium-ion battery exhibits 117, 98, 69, and 56 mAh g ¹1 discharge capacities at current densities of 2.0, 5.0, 10, and 20 mA cm ¹2 , respectively.
The crystallite size and microstrain values of the NaSI-CON film, respectively, 34 nm and 0.45% were calculated by Rietveld refinement according to data on the phase card of NaSICON.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) used as sodium ion batteries (SIBs) cathode are usually the focus of attention due to their three-dimensional open frame and high theoretical capacity.
Overall, the combination of OPV with Na-ion batteries seems to be a very suitable candidate for a variety of IoT applications and deeper integration of both devices must be explored.
The lower C-O content in HC125@Co 3 O 4 compared to HC indicates that the presence of Co 3 O 4 reduces the generation of soluble organic components, such as NaCO 2 R, within the SEI.
To advance composite cathode applications, a 2.25 A•h pouch-type sodium-ion battery was assembled, with an energy density of 86.29 Wh/kg (calculated based on the total pouch weight).
PS-HC-2, for instance, represents the sample prepared with a glucose : PS mass ratio of 2, PS-HC-20 -stands for a glucose : PS mass ratio 20 and HC is a PS-free hard carbon material.
To reduce interfacial resistance on the anode side, a thin gold (Au) layer (thickness ~10 nm) was deposited between Na metal and the dense Nasicon SE (Fig. 1a,e) using an ion coater.
To evaluate the practical application potential of HE electrode material, it was paired with hard carbon (HC) and assembled into a full cell, as schematically illustrated in Fig. 6a.
In this way, the exhaustive exploration of the Na + transport in NaSICONs across a broad spectrum of compositions is feasible using fast, low-cost, and yet accurate FFMD simulations.
Herein, Titanium (Ti) has been successfully doped into Na2/3Fe1/3Mn2/3O2 to suppress the Jahn-Teller distortion and improve both cycling and rate performance of sodium ion batteries.
This ordered structural evolution was attributed to enhanced interfacial stability, uniform phase transition, and homogeneous Na-ion distribution enabled by the reconstruction layer.
In addition, the crucial impact of substitution in NaSICONs is further elucidated, indicating the high potential of these materials, especially Na 1+x+y Sc y Zr 2-y Si x P 3-x O 12 .
Tunable microstructural properties of hard carbon provide a great tuning knob to tailor the adsorption and intercalation chemistries to offer different electrochemical performances .
Sodium and lithium belong to the same group in the periodic table and share similar chemical properties, making it feasible for sodium-ion batteries to replace lithium-ion batteries.
The similar phenomenon that the discharge capacity or plateau capacity varies with their closed pore content is also observed in other hard carbon electrodes (Supplementary Fig. 14).
Compared with lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are an alternative technology for future energy storage due to their abundant resources and economic benefits.
The inherent disorder in these carbons results in multiple possible pathways for sodium storage making the characterisation of sodiation mechanisms during cycling highly challenging.
Very importantly, the ReN 2 monolayer have both very high storage capacity and extremely low ion diffusion barrier, which makes it promising electrode materials for Na-ion batteries.
In summary, we developed an aqueous "water-in-salt" electrolyte by introducing a cation-trapping agent (Na 4 Fe(CN) 6 ) that hinders Mn dissolution in Mn-based Prussian blue analogs.
They found that with increasing the sodium ions entering into the framework, the amount of vacancies and coordinating water was decreased, resulting in enhanced structural stability.
It convincingly demonstrates the beneficial influence of graphene in eight fold enhancement (at 50th cycle, 33.5 mA g À1 current) of the sodium storage capacities of graphene-TiO 2 .
In this context, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been the subject of appreciable research as they are not subject to resource constraints, and can be operated safely at a low cost .
Na-ion isosurfaces were more connected through the migration path in Na3CrCl6 compared to that in Na3ErCl6 and Na3GdCl6, which was consistent with the higher diffusivity of Na3CrCl6.
Among carbonaceous anodes, hard carbon exhibits a high reversible capacity ~250 mAh/g with good retention 18 , and therefore is considered as the "first generation anode" of SIBs 4 .
In the second cycle and beyond, with the addition of further Na, these 'occupied' heteroatom defects would still influence the local sodium storage, although with weaker effect (Fig.
The movement of Na + ions, surface reaction mechanisms, SEI formation, and dendrite growth patterns in the CC@1400 °C hard carbon sample were examined by using 23 Na solid-state NMR.
Figure 1c demonstrates that when both Na-ion and vacancy content are at their respective thresholds, Na-ion conduction is most efficient, indicating optimal ionic transport kinetics.
To further interpret the outstanding sodium storage performance of Fe 1-x S/MoS 2 heterostructure, kinetics analysis based on CV measurements at different scan rates was carried out.
Prior to full cells fabrication, the pre-sodiation of Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 anode and pre-desodiation of Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 cathode were performed to carry out the first cycle activation.
Sodium ion batteries (SIBs) are attractive alternatives for lithium ion batteries, which are currently preferred as power sources for environment-friendly large-scale batteries 1-3 .
Additionally, the exible structure of the 1T phase is sustainable for the accommodation of ions and the volume changes that occur during the insertion and extraction of sodium ions.
To reflect the generality of alkaline earth metal vanadates as high-performance SIB anodes, we fabricated Sr-V-O nanowires (Supplementary Fig. 18) through a similar synthesis method.
In this work, we present the synthesis and electrochemical characterization of a P2-Na x Mn 3/4 Ni 1/4 O 2 cathode active material with spherical morphology for sodium-ion batteries.
Therefore, a threedimensional compositional space of the NASICONs was constructed, as shown in Fig. 4a, with the color of each point indicating its ionic conductivity on a log scale.
This approach produced nanoparticle precursors which may be responsible for the increased NASICON phase purity, densification and higher ionic conductivity of the resultant material.
Evolution of electronic structure for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 In order to confirm oxygen redox in the high voltage region, the evolution of the oxidation state of Mn was investigated.
In order to assess their viability in sodium-ion batteries, their thermal stability, salt-solvent interactions, electrochemical stability and ionic conductivities were characterized.
The SEI in SIBs, primarily on hard carbon anodes, is less stable than in LIBs, decomposing at 100-130 °C (versus higher temperatures in LIBs) and triggering self-heating at ~ 145 °C.
Two Na-ion anode materials -antimony (Sb) and phosphorus (P) -have been recently shown to offer excellent cycling stability (Sb) and highest known Na-ion charge storage capacity (P).
As depicted in Fig. 1, the process involves the diffusion of sodium ions via the electrolyte and the transmission of electrons between the cathode and anode via the external circuit.
The increasing Na content caused a decrease in the capacity of the cells, which was attributed to the Na coating of the grains blocking Na-ion intercalation in the cathode materials.
Glyme-ether-based electrolytes enable long-term cycling of SIBs based on hard carbon anode and NVPF cathode, due to the formation of fluorine-rich SEI layer with superior stability .
The relative symmetry trend of XRD and Raman curves also indicated that the prepared HCM material had an excellent reversibility of sodium storage during the charge-discharge course.
The critical factor for a NASICON-type structure is the arrangement of sodium sites and whether the 3D diffusion pathways of Na + can be accessed with relatively low energy barriers.
Furthermore, from GITT measurements, it is possible to determine the sodium-ion diffusion coefficients within the material using the modified Fick's law of diffusion (Note S1, ESI †).
Finite element analysis was conducted using COMSOL Multiphysics to simulate the evolution of stress-strain and the Na-ion distribution during the cycling of NFMMT and NFMMT/NaCaPO 4 .
High Resolution Transmission Electron Microscope (HR-TEM) characterization further suggests the interlayer spacing about 0.555 nm of fringes in O3-type Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 (Figure S1b).
Considering safety and cost of large-scale ESSs, all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) could be an alternative to all-solid-state lithium ion batteries (LIB) (Luo et al., 2016).
S2, ESI †) reveal that the material condenses in the form of large particles characterized by distinct sharp edges and boundaries, typical for hard carbon structures (Fig. 1b and Fig.
In the second stage, as the potential approaches 0.1 V, D Na + drops sharply and reaches a minimum value around 0.05 V, which is attributed to the interlayer insertion of sodium ions.
In sodium-ion batteries showing worldwide interest for large-scale energy storage recently , Na x CoO 2 is known as the first layered oxide investigated as a Na intercalation host 8 .
Exploring molybdenum chemistry further, this work reports alluaudite type Na 3.36 Co 1.32 (MoO 4 ) 3 (NCMo) as a novel versatile electroactive cathode for Li-ion and Na-ion batteries.
It is obvious that the D Na+ of ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 @C is higher than that of ZnSe@C during the charging and discharging process, in accord with the above theoretical calculation results.
This demands that the cathode or electrolyte should supply more reaction Na-ions for the first discharge and could lead to a significant amount of dead mass for the subsequent cycles.
Meanwhile, we found an activation of Ti sates in Na-ion batteries, as the cycle progresses, more and more Ti sites join the redox reaction, which was not observed in Li-ion batteries.
In this paper, we modify our previous phenomenological model and develop a unified mean field theory for the OCV of carbon materials ranging from soft carbon to hard carbon materials.
On the other hand, Ti 4+ is successfully doped into transition metal layer of bulk phase structure, while increases the sodium layer spacing and improves the diffusion of sodium ions.
This implies that specific regions across the NASICON can be cycled at a specific current density, by repeatedly applying a constant current, where a CCD can be determined, or failed.
The hard carbon (HC) anode electrodes were prepared using the same procedure, except the slurry was formulated with 93 wt% HC, 2 wt% Super P, and 5 wt% sodium alginates (SA) in water.
Upon subsequent discharge, no obvious plateau is found for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 while Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 shows a reversible plateau at 4.2 V with small polarization (Figure 5b).
Cathode materials are classified according to their structure, namely sodium transition metal oxides (TMOs), polyanionic compounds, Prussian blue analogs (PBA), and organic cathodes .
Notably, PBAs stand out as attractive positive electrode materials due to their open three-dimensional framework structure, which offers distinct advantages for sodium ion storage 5 .
However, the effect of the precursor structure of the hard carbon on the structure and electrochemical performance of fluorinated carbon cathode materials has yet to be fully studied.
As most current studies focus on only a few compositions, this comprehensive prediction offers a broader picture of Na + diffusion in the Sc 3+ -and Si 4+ -substituted NaSICON system.
The anodes were prepared using kapok ber derived hard carbons, super P, carboxy methyl cellulose (CMC), and styrenebutadiene latex binder (SBR) in a mass ratio of 91 : 1.5 : 2.5 : 5.
The critical current density (maximum current density before failure) of the Sn-coated NaSICON was evaluated by applying unidirectional current at increasingly high current densities.
In addition, Zn 3 Nb 2 O 8 -B electrode exhibits excellent reversible specic capacity of 100.1 mA h g -1 at the current density of 0.5 A g -1 aer 400 cycles in sodium-ion batteries.
These materials can achieve performances as high as 200 mAh g À 1 but only in half cells against sodium metal which, in excess, enables NaMO 2 compositions to be reached upon cycling.
Lamellar hard carbon derived from holly leaf with enlarged pores of tiny graphite-like domains and meso-pores was prepared by hydrothermal followed high temperature pyrolysis process.
In the case of '-carbo, the low efficiency of the first cycle indicates that a part of sodium ions remain trapped in the structure, as a result of a poor deinsertion kinetics 15,16 .
However, Na plating, dendrite formation, and electrolyte decomposition occur on the anode side when the discharge voltage approaches 0 V, as is often the case for hard carbon anodes .
A series of NASICON-type F-doped sodium vanadium phosphate polyanion materials were successfully synthesized by simple sol-gel method and the results were compared with bare material.
Electrodes based on alloying reactions for sodium-ion batteries (NIB) offer high specific capacity but require bespoken electrode material design to enable high performance stability.
Among them, the MoS 2 / NSGs-G electrode delivers the highest sodium storage capacity with a specic capacity of 443.9 mA h g -1 aer 250 cycles at the current density of 0.5 A g -1 .
The FFT image from the cycled O3-type positive electrode with background electrolyte shows the dot from the spinel phase formation, which is from the interfacial failure during cycle.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have gained significant attention as a viable alternative to lithium-ion batteries, primarily due to the widespread availability and lower cost of sodium .
The energy density which can be achieved from a sodium-ion cell (or any type of secondary battery) is given by the product of the specic capacity and the working voltage of the cell.
In this report, P3-type Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 was synthesized under different atmospheres and cooling rate in order to vary the concentration of vacancies in the transition metal layers.
It was found to be electrochemically active, exhibiting high-voltage Co 3+ /Co 2+ redox potential for both Li-ion (4.1 V) and Na-ion (4.0 V) half-cells, in sync with DFT calculations.
Wang et al. 112 synthesized codoped hard carbon phosphorus/sulphur using a resorcinol-formaldehyde resin, a hard silica sacrificial template, and P-red and S powders as doping agents.
The Na-ion battery represents a promising alternative as it avoids these problems and possesses several other advantageous characteristics (e.g. use of Al negative current collector).
To evaluate the electrochemical properties of the a-Sb 2 S 3 @-CuSbS 2 as anode for the sodium-ion battery, CR2032 type halfcell was fabricated using metallic Na as counter electrode.
In sum, Sn coatings below the critical thickness enhanced Na wetting on NaSICON, while those above the critical thickness did not change the contact angle as compared to bare NaSICON.
X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) analysis for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 was carried out using a PHI 5500 system with monochromatic aluminum Kα X-ray source (1487 eV photon energy).
Turning point A corresponds to the onset of quasi-metallic sodium insertion into the nanopores, with interlayer and nanopore sites lled at the same time at this sodium concentration.
Anode and cathode production contribute about equal shares (12% each), with the main contributors being again the hard carbon precursor (10%) and the nickel carbonate production (9%).
To evaluate the effects of SL on the behavior of carbonate-based sodium electrolytes and estimate the appropriate SL content, we investigated the mixtures of 0, 10, 20, 30 or 50% vol.
To the best of our knowledge, such an excellent sodium ion storage performance of hard carbon for SIBs anode is rare, especially for the hard carbon without any activation procedures.
In an XRD pattern, the loss of long-range order manifests as weaker, more diffuse peaks, as observed by Pang et al. upon extraction of sodium ions from P2-Na 0.67 Fe 0.5 -Mn 0.5 O 2 .
To evaluate the effect of twin structures and substitute Te atoms on the sodium ion storage electrochemistry of ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 @C nanocomposites, the kinetics analyses were deployed.
The surface analysis of the cycled hard carbon electrodes shows that NaBPh 4 is not subjected to reductive decomposition during cycling and that the SEI is derived from ether solvent.
The unique structure of these nanosheets offers several advantages, including effective buffering of volume changes during sodiation/desodiation and enhanced diffusion of sodium ions.
The results showed that the Bi@C-2 anode material [Figure 12K] with medium cavity volume exhibits the best sodium storage performance (198 mAh g -1 after 10,000 cycles at 20 A g -1 ).
As the proportion of hard carbon particles increases, void filling becomes more dense, and the size and distribution of voids throughout the system become more uniform (Fig 3B and3C).
The P2 material exhibits the largest particle size with most of the particles in the range of 0.5 to 2.5 mm, while the O3-type material consists of particles with 0.5-1.5 mm diameter.
However, the low operating voltage of hard carbon materials with the intercalation mechanism of sodium storage makes it easy to generate sodium dendrites, resulting in security risks.
The Na + storage behavior of hard carbon samples is tested by galvanostatic charge/discharge (GCD), cyclic voltammetry (CV), and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) analyses.
For example, MoS 2 has high theoretical capacity (670 mAh g -1 ) and large interlayer spacing (6.2 Å), which allows sodium-ions (1.06 Å) for rapid and reversible insertion/extraction.
In band structure, it is shown that the CrN 2 material exhibits metallic features both before and aer sodium-ion intercalation, which endows it with a fast charge and discharge rate.
In other words, to make a battery with a given storage capacity, making it from a sodium-ion battery releases more carbon dioxide than making it from a lithium-iron phosphate battery.
It can be supposed that the colloid silicon dioxide in the form of a dispersion phase assists the homogeneous distribution via inhibition of the active phase aggregation in NASICON 1.
Transition metal dichalcogenide materials have been considered as promising anode materials for rechargeable sodium-ion batteries because of their high specific capacity and low cost.
These hypotheses will be investigated in follow up work by looking at the effect of pressure on cathode half-cells and full anode free sodium ion cells in the split pouch cell format.
However, the analysis of complex and less defined mechanisms-such as ones related to the sodium storage in hard carbons-should be kept as free from models and assumptions as possible.
DFT calculations were carried out to investigate the heterointerfacial behavior to present atomic-level verification for the superior sodium storage capability of the heterostructure.
Supplementary Table S1 compares the recently reported ICE data of hard carbon under corresponding test conditions (including electrolytes, binders, separators, and specific currents).
To confirm the possibility of using an epoxy-NASICON electrolyte for a solid-state battery, a cell test was carried out by attaching positive and negative electrodes to our composite.
However, reversible and high-capacity charging and discharging in all-solid-state sodium batteries with hard carbon electrodes using sulfide solid electrolytes have not been reported.
Sodium transition metal oxides with layered structures have generated significant research interest as promising cathode materials for use in ambient temperature sodium-ion batteries.
The efficiency of all-solid-state Na + ion batteries crucially depends on the applied electrolyte, among which sodium super ionic conductors (NaSICONs) show high ionic conductivities.
However, the experimental validation of this optimum is challenging as synthesis attempts for this type of NASICON were unsuccessful via the solidstate method (Supplementary Table 1).
The optimized morphology enabled it to sustain a high SIB anode capacity of 245 mAh g -1 at 1 A g -1 , which was 5.4 and 4.1 times greater than SnSe 2 and Ti 3 C 2 T x , respectively.
Full-cells were constructed by combining an uncycled tin phosphide electrode with an oversized Prussian blue electrode containing 8.6 mg active material making the cell anode limited.
These positive results in aqueous LIBs encouraged us to study the concentration effect of aqueous electrolytes containing sodium ions on the practical electrochemical window of water.
Figure 5a,b show the voltage profiles of CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 for the 100th, 200th, 300th, 400th, and 500th cycles during charge/ discharge at 1 C (120 mA g -1 ) rate, respectively.
The high pyrolysis temperature facilitates the shift and fold of the graphite-like layers, generating more closed pore surrounded by several parallel carbon layers for sodium storage.
Intercalation compounds are popular candidate electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries and other "beyond lithium-ion" technologies including potassium-and magnesium-ion batteries.
In the case of Na 0.6 [Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 ]O 2 , the disordered distribution of Cr and Ti in the transition metal layer as discussed above is responsible for such sodium storage mechanism.
Na3Zr2Si2PO12 (NASICON) solid electrolyte is a material that is sufficient to replace a liquid electrolyte as it has high ionic conductivity and thermal and electrochemical stability.
It may be possible to try using highly concentrated electrolyte solutions to achieve these voltages in sodium-ion batteries in order to determine the mechanism at 5.3 V in the future.
We show here that ionized nitrogen plasma can break bonds of ironcarbon-nitrogen-nickel units in nickel-iron Prussian blue analogues, forming unconventional carbon-nitrogen vacancies.
Sodium-ion batteries have attracted significant attention as potential candidates for energy storage applications over the sustainability, cost, and safety issues of lithium-ion case.
In addition, the contraction of the structure at high voltage is likely to hamper Na-ion hopping between sites, leading to low Na-ion mobility and further broadening of the NMR peaks.
The role of crystalline cellulose content on forming closed pore in hard carbon As is well known, wood is a complex composite composed of cellulose, hemicellulose, lignin, and so on .
Introducing conductive carriers or skeletons is one of the effective solutions to solve the problem of poor cycling performance of mesoporous biological carbon materials as SIB anodes.
Finally, the 1T and 2H phase M 0.125 Mo 0.875 S 2 all have metallic properties and embody ideal Na storage and conductive properties when used as the sodium-ion battery anode material.
On the contrary, in the areas with the spherical hard carbon, the spherical hard carbon fills the voids of the graphite, playing supporting roles to generate an even void distribution.
The sodiation of the hard carbon in the full-cell (Fig. 5c, Supplementary Fig. 10c) can be related to the sodiation voltages observed in the sodium metal cell (Supplementary Fig. 10a).
CMC in an aqueous solution decompose sodium ions and anions, the viscosity of the CMC glue will decrease with the increase in temperature, easy moisture absorption and poor elasticity.
In the case of the Na-ion battery, LiV(HPO 3 ) 2 shows only one electron process with a sloping discharge curve starting at 3.7 V, reminiscent of a single phase solid solution process.
We demonstrate a sodium ion battery directly charged by an organic photovoltaic module, achieving overall system efficiencies exceeding 10% under indoor illumination for the rst time.
Moreover, the fully sodium storage phase of borophene corresponds to NaB 2 with a theoretical specic capacity of 1240 mA h g À1 , which is much larger than that of other 2D materials.
It is clear that the key to improve the electrochemical performance of TiO 2 is to combine strategies of shortening sodium-ion diffusion distance and improving electronic conductivity.
The achieved capacity retention at the monolayered pouch cell of the hard carbon/O3-type positive electrode SIB configuration following LiPF 6 salt addition was 92.7% after 400 cycles.
This paper explores the thermal runaway (TR) behavior of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), comparing it to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) to assess safety challenges and potential advantages.
The working electrode was prepared by mixing hard carbon powder, acetylene black and polyvinylidene uoride (PVDF) at a weight ratio of 8 : 1 : 1 and coated on a copper foil collector.
Correspondingly, the cycling performance of MoSe 2 /MoO 2 /NC for Na-ion storage is signicantly improved through the rational construction of embedding-type structured ternary phases.
This work provides guidance from the perspective of SEI regulation and design for enhancing the fast-charging performance of biomass-derived hard carbon anodes in sodium-ion batteries.
In order to locate the maximum theoretical sodium storage capacity, the most stable structures of sodiated borophene with increasing sodium concentration were investigated accordingly.
The electrochemical performance of NaNMFA-2 is superior to that of many other similar SIB transition-metal-oxide cathode materials, as reported in the literature (Table S5 in the ESM).
It shows that the nitrogen and boron co-doped carbon layer of NVPF-CNB-30 produces more defects, is benecial to the diffusion of sodium ions, and improves electrochemical performance.
For example, one-step conversion reaction of metal oxide with Na-ions can deliver high theoretical specific capacities of >600 mAh g -1 according to the reaction described in Eq. 6,7 .
The NASICON structure of Na 3 Fe 0.8 V 1.2 (-PO 4 ) 3 /C was conrmed through XRD Rietveld renement, revealing a unit-cell parameter of a = 8.717 Å, c = 21.84 Å, and V = 1437.27 Å 3 .
Theoretical and experimental studies both suggest that the high proton conductivity benefits from the unique 3D interstitial space and rapid H + /Li + exchange in the NASICON material.
Since failure was not observed immediately at 500 mA cm -2 , another cell, SnNaSICONSn-1000, was constructed to identify an upper limit for the critical current density of SnNaSICONSn.
The nonstoichiometric nature of these layered oxides with sodium ions affects not only )O 2 and other cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries (Reproduced with permission from Ref. .
In , a hybrid solid electrolyte (HSE) based on NASICON and PVDF allowed reaching an ionic conductivity of 0.2 mS/cm at 20ºC and 1.4 mS/cm at 90ºC, with an activation energy of 0.23 eV.
Hard carbon anode was prepared by mixing 80 wt% hard carbon powder sample, 10 wt% acetylene black (Shenzhen Kejing) and 10 wt% polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF, Shenzhen Kejing, HSV-900).
However, the power density of 3863 W kg -1 for the graphite||Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 full cell far excels the ~815 W kg -1 for hard carbon||Na 0.9 [Cu 0.22 -Fe 0.3 Mn 0.48 ]O 2 full cell.
The minimal value can be detected in the D Na + against voltage plots which correlate to the charge/discharge plateaus, and generally represent the O3-type to P3-type phase transition.
According to Delmas's nomenclature, sodium based layered materials can be categorized into two main groups: P2-type (0.6 < x < 0.7, where x = sodium stoichiometry) and O3-type (x ≈ 1).
As an anode material of sodium ion battery; the weak van der Waals force between TiS 2 layers facilitates the Na + intercalation/de-intercalation and diffusion during discharge/charge.
The NASICON structured lithium-ion conductors Li 1+x Al x M 2-x (PO 4 ) 3 (M=Ti, Ge) have almost similar type of drawbacks in comparison to garnet and perovskite structured materials .
Crystalline phases appear to provide higher storage capacity, primarily due to the extensive phenomenon of co-intercalation, where sodium ions intercalate between the graphitic layers.
Li x CoO 2 is the first and the most commercially successful layered oxide cathode, and we have chosen Na x CoO 2 as a prototype for the study of diffusion in Na-ion battery materials.
Additionally, the Na-ion can also migrate along the [Na2-i1-Na2], [Na2-i2-i3-Na1], and [Na1-i4-Na1] directions (marked in purple, blue/orange, and green, respectively, in Fig. 3c,d,g).
By lowering the potential window, another sodium ion can be inserted at a potential of 1.7 V, belonging to one of the two V 3+ to undergo V 2+ /V 3+ with a capacity of nearly 50 mAh/g.
Emerging battery technologies such as solid-state sodium batteries can benefit from new polymer electrolytes with improved sodium ion transport to optimise electrochemical performance.
Additionally, it was assumed that sodium storage at a low potential (5 mV) close to the metal deposition would result in sodium clustering with the metallic character of the Na + ions.
Early studies by Goodenough et al. included the development of Na 1?X Zr 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 (0 \ x \ 3), sodium (Na) superionic (Si) conductor (CON) (NASICON)-based material structures.
O3-type and P2-type materials both suffer problems such as the Jahn-Teller effect, dissolution of transition manganese, complex phase transition of crystal structure and air stability.
To confirm the lattice changes during cycling, DFT calculations were performed to determine the structural changes in the HSPB, MSPB, and LSPB during the Na-ion extraction process 50 .
This approach not only enhances the understanding of the effects of ion doping in NASICON materials but also provides a robust framework for material design and practical applications.
To investigate the reversibility of electrochemical reaction in CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 , dQ/dV curves after 50 cycles at 0.1 C (12 mA g -1 ) rate are displayed in Supplementary Fig. 8.
Since NaCoO2 cathode has an initial discharge capacity around 140 mAhg -1 , therefore any materials of these combinations with initial capacities more than this amount can be selected.
This context prompted researchers to transfer the LIBs technology to sodium ion batteries (NIBs), because of sodium low cost, its abundant resource and environmental friendliness 2,3 .
This discovery further verify that the introduction of P-containing functional group can not only improve the Na-adsorption but also enhance the electronic conductivity of hard carbon.
Sodium-ion hybrid capacitor (SIHC) is one of the most promising alternatives for large-scale energy storage due to its high energy and power densities, natural abundance, and low cost.
This contributes to a chain reaction, escalating battery temperature to a maximum of 403.6°C during TR, underscoring the critical role of SEI stability in mitigating SIB thermal risks.
Similarly, for ASIB cathode NVP containing precious V, a higher content of HBD (e.g., EG in ChCl : EG or LA in GLU : LA) in LoMMSs leads to both Na and V leaching efficiency (Fig. 2e).
In this work we report on the synergistic Na-ion storage in a P/Sb/Cu-nanocomposite, produced by mixing inexpensive colloidal Sb nanocrystals with red P and with copper (Cu) nanowires.
The outstanding sodium storage behaviors of CityU-26 underscore the functionalization of B-N polymers, providing a promising platform for the development of efficient energy materials.
These mixed solutions were constantly stirred overnight, after which the soaked L was removed followed by rinsing with DI water to remove the loosely attached Prussian blue analog NPs.
The reliability of CTAB as a surfactant to prepare C@Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 samples with a suitable morphology to enhance the electrode performance in Na-ion batteries has been proved.
It indicates while the oxygen functional groups lead to reduction of the electrical conductivity of the SIB anode, it does not alter the band gap trend of each oxygen functional group.
Regarding our developed epoxy-NASICON sample, shown in Supporting Figure S4(a), the ceramic electrolyte is sintered, which causes the ceramics to be seamlessly connected to each other.
Here, a series of hard carbon materials with tailored morphology and surface functionality was synthesized via hydrothermal carbonisation and subsequent pyrolysis from 1000 to 1900 °C.
However, few challenges that sodium-ion battery facing currently are selection of intercalation/conversion/alloy based anode, electrolyte and electrode-electrolyte interface stability.
Two types of sodium cobalt pyrophosphates, triclinic Na 3.12 Co 2.44 (P 2 O 7 ) 2 and orthorhombic Na 2 CoP 2 O 7 , are compared as high-voltage cathode materials for Na-ion batteries.
Based on those, we propose the adsorption-accumulation-filling model as a more accurate and contemporary framework for describing the sodium storage mechanism in hard carbons (Fig. 4).
Hence, it becomes crucial to develop new electrolytes that can not only enhance the cyclability of sodium-ion batteries by stabilizing SEI but also improve safety of the battery cells.
Doping hard carbons with different dopants can also be achieved by introducing different acids (e.g., H3PO4, H2SO4 or H3BO3) in the synthesis process, followed by pyrolysis at 1100 °C.
To follow the structural changes of the Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 anode upon Na-ion (de)intercalation, we carried out an in situ XRD measurement at C/15 rate during the rst cycle (Fig. 3c andd).
To prepare the duplex structure of the Nasicon solid electrolyte, a porous Nasicon layer with 8 mm diameter was laminated on top of the dense Nasicon surface by screen printing process.
Subsequently, the influence of the contact angle, viscosity, and microstructure on the drying behavior is investigated using realistic hard carbon microstructures as initial conditions.
This suggests that as the carbonization temperature increases, the sodium storage mechanism shis towards a more diffusioncontrolled process, improving the intercalation of sodium ions.
As a result, an intimate contact between MoSe 2 /MoO 2 and N-doped carbon is achieved, which will facilitate the transport of electrons and Na-ions across the interface of heterophases.
Hard carbon is currently considered the most promising anode candidate for room temperature sodium ion batteries because of its relatively high capacity, low cost, and good scalability.
To begin with, the quantum-chemical approach used in this work yields excellent predictions of fundamental properties, such as the diffusion and migration rates of sodium ions in water.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are one of the promising energy storage systems for large-scale stationary energy grids that can reduce the burden of LIBs due to sufficient sodium sources .
To understand the sodium storage mechanism, aberration-corrected STEM, in Fig. 2d-h, was used to acquire a direct image of the atomic-scale arrangement in the crystal structure of HE-V.
With a similar structure to LIBs, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are also promising for broad use in the new energy sector due to their abundant Na supplies and considerable cost benefits.
Based on this advanced positive electrode, a 3.0 V Na x H 2-x Ti 2 O 5 ||NaMnO 2 •0.1H 2 O aqueous full cell prototype is validated to deliver a high specific energy of 117.1 Wh kg -1 .
In the case of intermetallic and conversion-alloying anodes, evolution of intermediate phases and the volume variations need to be probed to deliver sustaining capacities as SIB anodes.
In the case of carbon-composited SIB alloying anodes, scanning the role of defects/functionalities in high initial capacity fading needs to be fixed before presenting SIBs commercially.
To better understand the interaction behavior between Li/Na and 2D l-B 2 O, as shown in Fig. 2 It is well-known that rate performance is another key parameter of Li-or Na-ion batteries.
The general formula of Prussian blue analogues is NaxMP, [MQ(CN)6], 2H2O, MP and MQ represent transition metal elements, mainly iron (Fe), cobalt (Co), nickel (Ni), Manganese (Mn), etc.
Sodium cathodes, such as sodium manganese oxide, have similarly benefited from nanoscale engineering, which helps overcome the slower diffusion kinetics inherent in larger sodium ions .
The XRD patterns (Fig. 4a) are well indexed to a high-crystallinity NASICON structure (JCPDS No. 62-0345) without impurity, indicating there is no decomposition of the recycled NVP 12 .
Nanotechnology can help sodium-ion batteries become more competitive by improving their energy density and charging capacity, narrowing the performance gap between the two technologies.
To gauge an initial response, cyclic voltammetry (CV) and galvanostatic cycling was performed for all mixtures and Na-(NDC)(MW) in half cells with sodium metal as the counter electrode.
Various materials, including transition metal oxides, metal sulfides, phosphides, and metal-organic framework (MOF) compounds, have been explored as potential anodes for sodium storage.
Herein, the sodium-ion storage kinetic of the SPC-180 electrode was further investigated by conducting CV tests between 0.01 and 3.0 V under a sweep rate range from 0.2 to 1.0 mV s À1 .
Tables S4-S6 (ESI †) show the energy levels and energy gaps of the highest occupied orbital (HOMO) and lowest unoccupied orbital (LUMO) of each molecule before and after sodium storage.
The intermediate product Na 4 VP is then used as a cathode and an extra Na source to sodiate hard carbon, aer which it reverts to Na 3 VP with no residue le in the cell congurations.
Among the designed gradient-phosphated hard carbon anodes, the HC-3 wt% P anode exhibited the best Na + storage performance and excellent rate capability in half-cell performance tests.
As shown in Fig. 3f, all sodium ion diffusion barriers in HESSe are lower than those in CuS, with the highest barrier being only 0.10 eV, significantly lower than that of CuS (0.19 eV).
The quest for higher energy densities of lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) and emerging sodium-ion analogues (SIBs) has motivated an intense research effort toward novel electrode materials.
Therefore, the ex situ Raman and XRD results further confirm the redox reaction between carboxylate groups in DFTP-Na and sodium ions, as well as the high reversibility of the reaction.
The electrochemical results indicate that the Mn 2 O 3 electrode can deliver a promising discharge capacity, cyclability and rate capability during the insertion/deinsertion of Na-ions.
Namely, the abundance of sodium in the earth's crust is far higher in comparison to lithium, and Na-ion batteries may be produced from very abundant metals, excluding cobalt and nickel.
Moreover, the assembled pouch cell maintained stable cycling for 1000 cycles at 0.5 C, demonstrating the feasibility of this method for the commercial application of hard carbon anodes.
In this paper, switchgrass as a biomass example was carbonized under an ultra-high temperatures, 2050 °C, induced by Joule heating to create hard carbon anodes for sodium ion batteries.
However, the irreversible oxygen redox reaction at the high-voltage region in sodium layered cathode materials generates structural instability and poor capacity retention upon cycling.
Dou et al. 90 showed that prolonged acid treatment improves the hard carbon structure by creating crystalline domains at lower pyrolysis temperatures, thus reducing the synthesis costs.
Sodium metal foils were used as the counter and reference electrodes, and 1 M NaPF 6 dissolved in propylene carbonate (PC) (Tomiyama Pure Chemical Industry) was used as the electrolyte.
The decomposition of the solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) on the HC anode in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) significantly influences thermal runaway (TR) risks, as detailed in the study.
These XPS results demonstrate the existence of TiS 2 and S defects within the TiO 2 lattice, which is expected to improve the sodium storage performance of TiS 2 /S-TiO 2 /C composites.
However, no specic SO 2 abatement technology is considered in the underlying process model, and remaining SO 2 emissions increase the AP impacts associated with hard carbon production.
Similarly, our Nd-doped NASICON (Na 3.1 Zr 1.9 Nd 0.1 Si 2 PO 12 ) exhibited an enhanced ionic conductivity of 5.48 × 10 -4 S/cm, outperforming the reported value of 4.21 × 10 -7 S/cm .
To date, O3-type and P2-type layered structures have been intensely studied among various sodium-based layered transition-metal oxides, although there is greater interest in the latter.
The humps are ascribed to the insertion/extraction of Na-ion in the hard carbon which corresponds to the sloping regions of the galvanostatic discharge/charge profiles (Fig. 4b) 24,34 .
For the electrode preparation, the derived hard carbon (80 wt%), carbon black (10 wt%, Super-P), and polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) binder (10 wt%) in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone were mixed.
However, the slow kinetics of sodium ions and the complex phase transitions during charge/discharge cycling hinder the application by decreasing rate capability and cycling performance.
After polymerization, Prussian blue analogue-functionalized magnetic microgels were prepared by a ligand substitution-reaction of Fe3O4@P(4VP-co-St) with sodium pentacyanoaminoferroate.
Even though the performance of anthracite is still inferior to commercial hard carbon, anthracite can be a prospective anode not only for Na-ion batteries but also for Li-ion batteries.
On the basis of their voltage difference, the average potential of this symmetric cell using the bipolar active material Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 is predicted, shown in the inset of Figure 3c.
The crystal structures of lignin derived hard carbon materials are characterized by using laser Raman spectroscopy (Renishaw inVia Raman spectrometer with a laser wavelength of 532 nm).
According to the literature, 68,69 this minimum demonstrates the onset of sodium nucleation, followed by increased growth of sodium deposits at the surface of the hard carbon electrode.
In a first approximation, for SIB production, a higher material and energy demand per kWh of cell energy can be assumed, mainly due to the lower energy density of SIBs compared to LIBs.
The systematic study presented here offers signicant insights into the family of NASICON ceramic materials, aiming to improve its application for next-generation solid-state batteries.
Na-ion batteries (NIBs) with ionic liquid (IL) electrolytes are promising candidates for large-scale energy storage devices owing to the abundance of Na resources and the safety of ILs.
In this way, the uncertainty of the sodium storage mechanism of hard carbon will hinder the proper design of the premicrostructure and the improvement of the electrochemical properties.
The rate capability of MoS electrode can be attributed to its small particle size (≤ 300 nm) and ultrathin lattice fringes (≤ 8 nm) that significantly reduces the Na-ion diffusion path.
On the other hand, both CV and EIS have shown the better kinetics of Na + transfer in Na2/3Fe1/3Mn0.57Ti0.1O2, which facilitates the higher specific capacity at large current densities.
Unlike this work, electrospinning approach substitutes for traditional sucrose pyrolysis to produce nanofiber-shaped precursors, which are subsequently calcinated to obtain hard carbon.
Despite the change in the redox potential, there was no noticeable difference either in sodium storage capacity or cycle stability for these two electrolyte systems as shown in Fig. 3e.
Excellent performances of the sodium storage capacity and sodium diffusion ability make graphyne and graphdiyne promising candidates for the anode material used in sodium-ion batteries.
Building on this inference, we developed a series of Na-ion halide SEs systems with improved conductivities by adjusting carrier and vacancy contents through facile Na/Cl-DC strategies.
Further, the mechanisms that drive Na-ion LTMO's growth and formation during calcination must be fully understood to reliably synthesize the material with the most optimized properties.
The paper primarily focuses on solidstate electrolytes, while also covering analysis of sodium-sulfur batteries, zebra batteries, sodium-air batteries, and aqueous sodium-ion batteries.
For electron conduction, Ni nanoparticles were formed inside the porous Nasicon of the duplex structure by an infiltration process using Ni(NO 3 ) 2 • 6H 2 O aqueous solution (Fig. 1b).
Under similar current density, the hard carbon electrode only delivers a capacity of ~88 mAh•g -1 in FEC-free electrolyte and ~74 mAh•g -1 with the presence of 10 wt% FEC additive (Fig.
The sodium storage mechanism of Fe 7 Se 8 proceeds through the following electrochemical reactions during discharging NRBs) using a facile self-template strategy followed by annealing .
In layered cathodes for sodium-ion batteries, the distribution of Na + ions across crystallographic sites significantly influences the symmetry and structural stability of the material.
In this study, we were intrigued by the possibility of addressing the aforementioned issues facing P-based SIB anodes by using metal phosphide nanocrystals (NCs) as the active material.
Such an improvement in the efficiency of Na-storage could be associated with Na-ion intercalation habits, the lower amount of water and the resulting improved crystallinity of HQ-NiHCF.
In this specific layer, sodium exhibits a prismatic environment with shared edges and faces with the transition metal octahedra such as in P3-type structures (oxygen stacking AB BC CA).
Herein, we present a novel P2-type Na 0.73 Fe 0.2 Mn 0.52 Co 0.2 Mg 0.05 Li 0.03 O 2 (designated as P2-NFMO-CoMgLi) cathode material characterized by coupled cationic and anionic redox.
The results demonstrated that the air stability and conductivity of the Na-ion glassceramic solid electrolyte were enhanced by the use of component rational design and process control .
Therefore, in the future, the preparation of coal derived hard carbon with a low specic surface area is an important development trend, which can be achieved by combining other carbons.
LF-1300C demonstrated higher crystallinity than CF-1300C owing to this graphitization and featured an interlayer spacing of approximately 0.43 nm, which facilitates sodium-ion insertion.
In addition, the potential profiles of Na-doped NMFTO electrodes are similar to the pristine P2-NMFTO, although the P2-phase shows a partial transformation to P´2-and O3-type structures.
However, Hu et al. 24 have measured the average diffusion coefficient as the sodium content was varied in a Prussian blue analogue similar to the Prussian white used in the present work.
On the basis of these results, a sodium-ion full cell has been demonstrated using the same material as both negative and positive electrodes, for example, P2-Na 0.6 [Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 ]O 2 .
For the energy storage behavior of the hard carbon, its structure controls the mechanism of K + storage, and in turn, the mechanism puts forward various requirements for microstructures.
A full cell coupled with a hard carbon anode demonstrated an This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2015 initial capacity of about 109 mA h g À1 over a voltage window of 2.5 V.
Na Super Ionic Conductor (NASICON) materials are an important class of solidstate electrolytes owing to their high ionic conductivity and superior chemical and electrochemical stability.
The charge-discharge profiles of HC and NaCrO 2 are consistent with the above results from the two-electrode half cells, which indicates that the sodium-ion full cell functions properly.
Although O3-type Ni-Mn based oxides are superior to other oxides, but their practical application is limited by irreversible multiple phase transformation and hygroscopic characteristic.
Typically, the cathode materials contribute the most in achieving the commercialization of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) as the cathodes take up the most proportion of the full cells cost.
The superb oxide terminated array (Al/AlSb/Sb x O y ) enabled the anode to deliver a stable 258 mAh g -1 capacity at 10 C, much higher than previously reported micro-sized Sb SIB anodes.
Third, for the first time, largescale prismatic SIB cells, comprising commercially pursued active materials are modeled on a GWh year À1 production scale, utilizing primary machine data.
As the energy density of a battery is intimately linked to the performance of its anode and cathode materials, improving these components is critical for advancing sodium-ion technology.
The rankings observed here with linear regression could be because the interlayer spacing values for all hard carbons were similar with a lower standard deviation relative to their mean.
Hard carbon that had been treated in this way exhibited a sustained rate capability and a discharge capacity and first-cycle Coulombic efficiency of 284 mAh g -1 and 80.0%, respectively.
Prussian blue (PB-1) was made via a co-precipitation synthesis with FeCl 3 .6H 2 O and Na 4 Fe(CN) 6 as precursors both obtained from Sigma-Aldrich and used without further purification.
According to SAXS patterns of hard carbon, H-1500 possesses an obvious peak around 1 nm -1 , indicating the radius increase of closed pores and high content of closed pores (Fig. 2c) 8 .
Cell chemistries from leading SIB manufacturers are benchmarked against graphite/LiFePO 4 LIB cells and assessed for specific energy, energy density, and cradle-to-gate carbon footprint.
Finally, it is suggested that the plateau capacity depends on the nanopores, therefore, optimization of the hard carbon pore structure and volume could result in an increase in capacity.
In 2021, Yu and co-workers studied Na + ion kinetics and thermodynamics in P2-type oxygen redox Mn-Ni layered oxides operated through Li substitution, while Ni ions were the active site.
To further verify the capacitive behavior and sodium storage performance of FArGO, CV curves at different scan rates ranging from 0.1 to 0.8 mV s -1 were analyzed, as shown in Fig. 5(a).
Such a low specific surface area effectively mitigates electrolyte decomposition and allows the hard carbon to achieve high ICE of over 98% after aging for 10 days in ether electrolytes.
However, low electrolyte concentrations may allow the SIBs to achieve satisfactory kinetics because of the smaller radius and easier movement of sodium ions between electrode interfaces.
The positive electrode is generally used to embed sodium-type compounds with higher potential, such as layered transition metal oxides , polyanionic compounds and Prussian blue analogs .
Potassium niobate, KNb 3 O 8 (KNO) material is investigated as a potential anode material for sodium ion batteries owing to its layered structure and excellent electrochemical stability.
Overall, this work presents a simple yet effective approach to realizing high Na content in P2-type layered oxides, offering new opportunities for high-performance SIB cathode materials.
We therefore assembled Na-ion full cells with hard carbon (HC) as an anode so that the only source of Na in the cell is that present in Na 2 Fe 2 OS 2 at the beginning of the experiment.
This study presents a novel deep learning approach to evaluate and predict the performance of ion-doped NASICON materials, which are crucial for advancing solid-state battery technology.
Moreover, the SSA and the pore volume of H-wood derived hard carbon samples decrease with the increase in heat temperature (Fig. 4b, Supplementary Fig. 11, 12 and Supplementary Table 4).
As sodium ions move into and out of the PBA framework, they will cause a dynamic structural evolution that has a direct impact on its structural stability and electrochemical properties.
The beam passed through two 0.2 mm Al current collectors, the 1 mm thick Na metal counter electrode, the 0.5 mm hard carbon electrode, and the glass bre separator soaked in electrolyte.
As a result of our methods, the ionic conductivity and thermal and electrochemical stability of NASICON was maintained, while the physical strength was enhanced by approximately 2 times.
In summary, we have demonstrated the unique efficacy of Ni(II) sites within a Prussian blue analogue for efficient and durable alcohol electrooxidation at ampere-level current densities.
Calculations indicate that high-entropy MOFs deliver a smaller migration energy barrier compared to Mn-MOFs, which facilitates the migration of sodium ions in the bulk phase (Fig. 1h,i).
In particular, to evaluate the performance of practical sodium-ion batteries, we utilized electrodes with high loading masses of 4.8-6.9 (mg-HC) cm ¹2 and 12.3-15.4 (mg-NaCrO 2 ) cm ¹2 .
Various strategies have been proposed to modify the structure of hard carbon to alter the storage of sodium ions, such as doping heteroatoms , tuning porosity , and introducing defects .
However, the highly disordered structure of hard carbon bear defects of low conductivity and poor electrochemical stability, which lead to poor rate performance and cyclic stability 10 .
To study sodium and phosphorous distribution in the NASICON electrolytes, the X-ray mapping of the cross-section is evaluated by using the EDS EDAX TEAM™ analysis system (10 kV; 1.6 nA).
Since sodium resources are extremely abundant compared to lithium resources, sodium-ion batteries can become an alternative battery for large-scale applications of lithium-ion batteries.
Improving understanding of the behaviour of the positive electrode material at high voltages could provide a route to improving the energy density and cycle life of sodium-ion batteries.
In general, the results highlight the importance of lattice strain effects as an alternative strategy to optimize the electrochemical properties of Li-and Na-ion intercalation compounds.
The electrochemical tests of Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2/Na half cells were carried out using the CR2032 coin-type cells, consisting of a cathode and sodium metal anode separated by a glass fiber.
Figure 3 shows the charge-discharge curves and Nyquist plots of the all-solid-state cell with the Na 3 BS 3 buffer layer (Na-Sn/Na 3 BS 3 / Na 3 PS 4 /Na 3 BS 3 /hard carbon-Na 3 BS 3 ).
The GCPL curves display both a sloping region and a plateau at low potential, suggesting that sodium ions begin to intercalate between carbon layers while still binding to surface sites.
The slope region exhibits little to negligible effect on Dr, suggesting that the capacitive sodium storage does not significantly impact the changes occurring in micropores, as expected.
This study aims at closing this gap by providing a comprehensive update of the current state of the art in life cycle assessment (LCA) of SIB under consideration of the whole life cycle.
The introduction of heteroatoms could expand the interlayer space of the material and improve electrical conductivity, which was conducive to sodium ion insertion and electron transport.
The compatibility of SIB manufacturing with existing lithium-ion production infrastructure reduces barriers to large-scale deployment while enabling rapid scaling of production capacity.
Therefore, the Na-ion mobility in the material is examined using a combination of the bond valence site energy (BVSE) method and the climbing imagenudged elastic band (CI-NEB) technique.
The sodium ion diffusion coefficient values of NVPF-CNB-30 are 4.9 Â 10 À11 (A1), 3.5 Â 10 À11 (A2), 1.94 Â 10 À11 (C1) and 2.7 Â 10 À11 cm 2 s À1 (C2), much higher than those of NVPF-C.
Wu et al. constructed a homotype heterojunction on hard carbon to induce a steady solid electrolyte interface, effectively increasing the 1st cycle CE of hard carbon from 64.7% to 81.1%.
A straightforward empirical approach to reveal storage mechanisms is to enhance the postulated desirable local structures of hard carbon and monitor the corresponding capacity variation.
NaSICON phase chemistry and crystallinity were evaluated using X-ray diffraction (XRD) with a Bruker D2 Phaser system set in the traditional Bragg-Brentano geometry with Cu Ka radiation.
Numerous studies have extensively examined the impact of condensation and carbonization temperatures on the microstructure of hard carbons and their resulting electrochemical properties.
The obvious slope of 0.5-1.0 V is ascribed to the generation of the SEI film and the irreversible reactions between SnO 2 with sodium ions to generate Na x Sn alloys in the first cycle .
Na + /Na may result in sodium metal deposition on a hard carbon surface caused by improper battery operation or fast charging, which is a major safety concern (Chevrier and Ceder, 2011).
Especially the production of the sugar from sugar beet, which is used as a precursor for the hard carbon preparation, is associated with significant GHG emissions (17% of the total GWP).
This is among the highest capacity values reported in the literature and demonstrates the potential of these tri-component materials to be used as anodes in aqueous sodium-ion batteries.
The widetemperature performance (-40 to 60 °C) depicted in Fig. 5d further demonstrates the practical potential of the anionanchored ether-based electrolyte design for HC sodium storage.
The membrane made of leaves welded together by carbonization with a high electrical conductivity and good electrochemical performance show great promise as a low-cost, scalable SIB anode.
The hard carbon electrode with the highest d 002 value among the tested materials resulted in a larger extent of Na-ion intercalation between the graphene layers of the crystalline phase.
In sodium-ion batteries, Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 exhibits a stable specific capacity of 155 mAh/g with coulombic efficiency of >99% at a sodium storage voltages of 0.93 V and current rate of 0.1C.
Furthermore, the enhanced sodium storage capacity was confirmed to originate from closed-pore filling mechanisms within the microporous architecture of the optimized hard carbon material.
Until 2014, when Jache et al. applied ether electrolytes in SIBs, graphite anodes showed excellent sodium storage performance, attracting significant attention from numerous researchers .
As there is only one cobalt to undergo redox, it can provide a single sodium ion to participate in the reversible charge storage, which makes the 1.6 sodium ion contribution questionable.
The separator layer (electrolyte layer) was Na 3 PS 4 with high ionic conductivity, and Na 3 BS 3 and Na 3 PS 4 were compared as solid electrolytes in the hard carbon electrode composite.
Future advancements in sodium-ion battery (SIB) safety research focus on next-generation materials, standardized testing, and advanced cell designs to mitigate thermal runaway (TR) risks.
Two-dimensional morphology can effectively shorten the distance for sodium-ion charge transfer, promote sodium-ion transport, and facilitate the enhancement of surface pseudo-capacitance.
We also report the structure of CaNaV2(PO4)3 (CaNaVP), finding that -like NVP and Ca1.5VP -this structure exhibits a monoclinic distortion of the classical rhombohedral NaSICON framework.
The sluggish Na + reaction kinetics with carbon materials limits the fastcharging capability, Coulombic efficiency, and cycle life of sodium-ion batteries, especially at low temperatures.
The authors further pointed out that the high-rate performance might be attributed to the disparity in the carbonate-based system, which has diffusion and capacitive-based Na-ion storage.
Coupled with suitable electrochemical stability windows, these results demonstrate the potential applications of percyano Hückel-type anions in all-solid, sodium-ion battery electrolytes.
Electrochemical measurements were carried out using CR2032 type coin cells, wherein copper foil has been used as the current collector and sodium metal as counter and reference electrode.
For instance, in the text 42 , "Na0.8" is used as the abbreviation for "P2-Na 0.8 Ni 0.1 Mn 0.8 Fe 0.1 O 2 " which leads to incomplete identification of chemical entities by the pipeline.
The successful use of the RGO electrode demonstrated in this study is expected to facilitate the emergence of low-cost and sustainable carbon-based materials for SIB cathode applications.
Moreover, the increase of electron density around the Electrospinning technology is used to prepare phosphorus-functionalized hard carbon with a specific "honeycomb briquette" morphology.
The lower slope (σ = 33.4) of the MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid compared to pure MoS 2 (σ = 242.3) indicates the superior insertion/extraction kinetics of sodium ions in the MoS 2 @CNFIG electrode.
However, the rate performance of Bi@C-3 is much worse than that of Bi@C-1 because the cavity volume is too large and the sodium ion diffusion distance is greatly increased [Figure 12N-P].
In this paper, using a discrete sodium ion battery directly charged by an organic solar module, we show overall efficiencies exceeding 10% under low indoor illumination for the rst time.
In conclusion, based on the rst-principles calculation, we have theoretically studied the relationship between the strain and the diffusion barrier/path of sodium ions in layered CrN 2 .
The broadening of this peak suggests a disordered carbon lattice, which is commonly observed in hard carbon. 30,31 The diffraction peak located at 2θ = 45.25°for t-BTO as depicted in Fig.
Furthermore, the Zn 3 Nb 2 O 8 -B electrode exhibits outstanding cycling stability (100.1 mA h g -1 with 94.5% capacity retention after 400 cycles at 0.5 A g -1 ) in sodium-ion batteries.
The low coulombic efficiency can be attributed to the formation of SEI film, and the irreversible reaction of SnO 2 with sodium ion to form Na x Sn alloys in the first discharge process .
The pellets from the NaSICON-100 and SnNaSICONSn-100 cells were fractured to reveal their cross-sections and observe the progression of any Na penetration caused by galvanostatic testing.
The C 1s and Na 1s peaks of hard carbons cycled in ester electrolytes reach stabilization simultaneously after 12 min etching (Fig. 5e,f), suggesting that the S-SEI is completely removed.
Besides, Figure 2i exhibited the TEM elemental mapping images of all elements for the Na0.92K0.08VPF/C sample, displaying the homogenous elemental distribution of Na, K, V, C, P, O and F.
In addition, compared with the cycle life, the current life of lithium iron phosphate batteries has reached 6,000 times, while the life of sodium-ion batteries can only reach 2,000 times.
Despite the fact that several crystalline cathode compounds have been developed successfully, slow development of anode materials hampers to realize of room temperature Na-ion batteries .
In NaFePO 4 (first prepared by ion exchange from LiFePO 4 ) 59 the onedimensional pathways are fully isolated from each other and should thus be highly susceptible to blocking by defects.
Moreover, the open structure creates a three-dimensional network of connected voids that allows sodium ions for ionic conduction, making NASICON materials useful in battery applications .
SIB anodes have potential to be explored for high capacity with several advantages along with a diverse selection of materials offering multiple mechanisms and optimization possibilities.
In this study, we discover that doping graphene oxide into sucrose, the precursor for hard carbon, can effectively reduce the specific surface area of hard carbon to as low as 5.4 m 2 /g.
Therefore, introduction of Ni 2+ leads to local adjustment and optimization of the lattice structure, making the lattice more favorable for the accommodation and diffusion of sodium ions.
The comparison of LIB with the SIB alternatives showed that the Na-based precursors tend to have lower impacts than Li-based precursors, which has to be analyzed in detail via a full LCA.
Sodium storage involves the passivation of the hard carbon electrode and pore surface (formation of the SEI) as well as the formation of metastable quasi-metallic Na clusters in the bulk.
Through a simple electrochemical method, partial replacement of Ni and Fe in the Mn site significantly improves the reversibility of the sodium intercalation and deintercalation process .
Our model helps understand the average local structure of macroscopically complex systems like hard carbons, and the implications of that local structure on the energetics of pore lling.
The initial irreversible capacity of MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC electrode results from the formation of SEI layer, the decomposition of the electrolytes, and the irreversible sodium-ion insertion.
The calculated patterns (circles in Figure 2a) were in good agreement with experimental data (red lines in Figure 2a), indicative of a pure O3-type structure, isostructural with α-NaFeO2.
Given the inverse relationship between σ and the sodium-ion diffusion coefficient ( ∝ σ -1 ), CH-800-1500 demonstrates the highest , confirming its superior sodium-ion transport kinetics.
Figure 2 shows the typical charge-discharge performance of the HC and NaCrO 2 electrodes using two-electrode half cells with Electrochemistry, 87, 175-181 sodium metal counter electrodes.
To investigate the overall rate capability of hard carbon anodes derived from pinecone precursor, we performed galvanostatic charge/discharge tests at various current density (Fig. 6a-j).
Based on the ab initio analysis of 2D carbon and nitrogen material, we found that C3N monolayer is one of the promising candidates for use as an anode material in Li-and Na-ion batteries.
Later, Komaba et al. 15 supported this mechanism by using ex-situ XRD to observe the expanded interlayer spacing because of sodium ion insertion, when hard carbon was discharged to 0.1 V.
Small-Angle X-ray Scattering (SAXS) allows a study of the overall porosity of hard carbons , and authors using this more reliable technique report the pore-filling on the plateau region .
As expected, the galvanostatic curves show a shape with the two well defined region of a typical NIB hard carbon anode: a high potential decreasing as a slope, then a low-voltage plateau.
Meanwhile, the relatively higher sodiation voltage than hard carbon (B0.1 V) and Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 (0.3 V) makes the G-TiO 2 much safer and avoids the formation of dendrites upon cycling 46 .
It is worth noting that the voltage range of soft carbon sodium storage usually falls between 0.2 and 1.2 V, higher than the voltage of sodium deposition, contributing to improved safety.
Nevertheless, such cathodes usually suffer from phase transitions, sluggish kinetics and air instability, making it difficult to achieve high performance solid-state sodium-ion batteries.
Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 ) (NFPP) as a promising cathode material for sodium-ion batteries possesses excellent structural stability, minimal volume change, low cost, and non-toxicity.
The remarkable reversibility of the layered oxide cathodes, prepared by the fast sintering of PBAs precursors, during sodium ion insertion and extraction was conrmed through in situ XRD.
At present, the focus of research is on the design of reasonable hard carbon composites to integrate the characteristics of different materials and improve their comprehensive properties.
The densities for all carbons were measured based on Archimedes' principle, which are 1.60, 1.42, 1.50, and 1.49 g/cm 3 for non-doped hard carbon (HC), P-HC, B-HC, and S-HC, respectively.
Correction for 'Ultra-long Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 nanowires@carbon cloth as a binder-free flexible electrode with a large capacity and long lifetime for sodium-ion batteries' by Zhihong Li et al.,
Interestingly, the slope in NaCrO 2 was similar to our previous report on NaFePO 4 , suggesting the formation of a cathode-electrolyte interphase contributing to irreversible deformations.
To enhance the cycling stability of P2-type cathode materials, many efforts have been made, such as doping transition metals (Jin et al., 2020;Zhao et al., 2020;Devendrasinh et al., 2021).
Taking NaMnO2 as an example, the electrode and battery reactions during charging and discharging are given in the following equations: cathode reaction, anode reaction and total reaction .
Nonetheless, the 1 st cycle efficiency has to be improved before commercialization could be considered. 256 Novel polymeric Schiff bases were also reported to be active for sodium storage.
Therefore, to better understand and address this limitation, it is imperative to study the lithium-ion transport mechanisms in rhombohedral NASICON-structured LiTi₂(PO₄)₃ and Li₃Ti₂(PO₄)₃.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIB) are on the verge of large-scale commercialization, and potassium-ion battery (PIB) technology is a relative newcomer in the field of future storage technologies.
At elevated current densities of 5 and 10 A g -1 , FArGO maintains high reversible sodium storage capacities of 96 and 75 mA h g -1 , respectively, showcasing outstanding rate performance.
However, they suffer from limited sodiumion diffusion pathways and complex multiphase transitions during sodium-ion insertion/extraction, which ultimately leads to structural degradation .
Manganese based layered oxides have received increasing attention as cathode materials for sodium ion batteries due to their high theoretical capacities and good sodium ion conductivities.
Compared with the commercial bismuth powder, the bismuth nanosheets present a larger specific surface area and interlayer spacing, which is beneficial for sodium ion insertion and release.
Na-ion batteries, due to the widespread availability of sodium and the use of more environmentally friendly electrode materials, may have an advantage in terms of long-term sustainability.
At a fundamental level, the comprehensive results presented in this work establish a clear chemistry-property-performance correlation of carboxylate-based electrolytes for SIB application.
The materials owned a hierarchical porous structure which allowed easy accessibility to the electrolyte over the interconnected pores and a short sodium ion diffusion distance in the bulk.
E TaS 2 /GeC,Nax 1 and E TaS 2 /GeC,Nax 2 denote the total energies of the TaS 2 /GeC system with x 1 and x 2 sodium ions adsorbed, respectively; e is the elementary charge of an electron.
HC-150-1300 °C capacity degrades aer 30th cycle as a result of the major bottlenecks in the application of hard carbons as anode material for SIBs which is the long-term cyclic stability.
The P2-type structure in the NMO and Si-NMO samples was conrmed with XRD (Fig. 2C), alongside that of the polymer-paper CSE, and the cathode composite aer a formation cycle to 4.50 V vs.
For instance, graphite, which is a benchmark anode material for LIBs, demonstrates limited sodium storage capacity because of the instability of sodium-graphite intercalation compounds 2 .
The fully sodium storage phase of borophene corresponds to NaB 2 with a theoretical specific capacity of 1240 mA h g À1 , which is much larger than that of other two-dimensional materials.
These insights suggest that while entropic contributions are not insignificant, more attention should be paid to lowering the activation energy when designing a new NASICON-type conductor.
Layered metal sulfides (MoS 2 , WS 2 , SnS 2 , and SnS) offer high potential as advanced anode materials in sodium ion batteries upon integration with highly-conductive graphene materials.
Additionally, its crystal structure can be damaged during the repeated (de)intercalation of sodium ions, which leads to an irreversible strain accumulation and the fading of the capacity .
Cation-binding energy = E Li-ion + E anion -E SEI Figure 1 shows the effect of incorporating Li salt (in the SIB electrolyte) on the interphase formation on the negative electrode surface.
In fact, only 1.78 g of the theoretical 3.49 g (2.3 Ah cm -2 with 1.77 cm 2 active area) of Na were transported in the SnNaSICONSn-100 cell, resulting in a transfer efficiency of just 51%.
Sodium ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted great interest as candidates in stationary energy storage systems relying on low cost, high abundance and outstanding electrochemical properties.
As to the hard carbon, on the one hand, it plays a supporting role, reducing the adhesion of graphite interfaces, and forming a porous electrode structure with a uniform-void distribution.
Since the cost of production of the electrode materials for Li-ion and Na-ion batteries is almost equal the gain in costs of Na-ion batteries originates in the price of raw materials only.
The proposed closed pore formation mechanism for waste wood-derived carbon can motivate us to develop hard carbon anodes with high plateau-region capacity towards high-energy density SIBs.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIB) are among the most promising type of post-lithium batteries, being promoted for environmental friendliness and the avoidance of scarce or critical raw materials.
Such a low current was chosen to minimise the polarisation of the Na metal counter/reference, subsequently reducing its impact on the electrochemical performance of the chosen hard carbon.
As a typical TMSs, pyrite FeS 2 with a high theoretical capacity (894 mAh g -1 ), low cost, and environmental friendliness, is a promising and effective sodium storage electrode material .
For carbons that do not insert sodium-ions but have a large surface area (i.e., both OLCs), the deviation to 100% CE is mainly attributed to side reactions located at the material surface.
This study investigates the synthesis of hard carbons via acid-assisted hydrothermal carbonisation (HTC) of vine shoots, followed by thermal annealing, to be used as Na-ion battery anodes.
As shown in Fig. 1b, all observed diffraction peaks aligned precisely with the standard NASICON structure, confirming the integrity and consistency of the material's crystalline framework.
Developing electrolytes and understanding the interaction between solid-state electrolytes and sodium layeredoxides could deliver viable solutions for long term, safe and reliable cycling.
To confirm this, we tested the equilibrium potential shift based on electromotive force measurements on the Na 3Àx V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (x B 2) in different Na-ion battery electrolytes (Fig. 3a).
After the conversion reaction, the remaining the transition metal can be alloyed with sodium ions like the reaction if the transition metal is the alloy anodes (Si, Ge, Sn, Pb, Sb, and P).
The anode material consists of several material categories including carbon-based anodes (graphite carbon), hard carbon, alloy anodes, metal oxides, metal sulfides, and organic materials .
In a typical NNMO synthesis process, 100 mg of metallic Ni powder was mixed with 560 mg of sodium permanganate monohydrate (NaMnO 4 $H 2 O) (97%, Sigma Aldrich) and 1 mL 1 M NaOH solution.
In order to gure out whether iron replaces cobalt in the position close to carbon element in the Prussian blue structure, ex situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) test is conducted.
To mitigate this issue, a fundamental understanding of how materials respond to the strain generated during Na-ion (de)insertion is critical for their continued development and deployment.
First, the hierarchical rod-in-tube structure with high specific area and abundant porosities could shorten the sodium-ion diffusion path and facilitate the penetration of the electrolyte.
The experimental data are being used to develop mechanically durable NFM electrodes for high-performance sodium-ion batteries intended for transportation and electricity-grid applications.
However, Lale `re et al. demonstrated the functionality of an all-solid-state battery with NaSICON solid electrolyte, which exhibits an ionic conductivity of 1.9 9 10 -4 S cm -1 at 200 °C.
This approach allows for a reversible discharge capacity of 63 mAh/g, which corresponds to 1.3 sodium ions being inserted at an operating potential as high as 4.8 V relative to Na + /Na. .
Replacing lithium ions as the charge carriers in rechargeable batteries with sodium ions can induce noticeable differences in the electrochemical storage mechanisms of electrode materials.
Furthermore, Raman spectroscopy shows the characteristic D and G bands with a peak intensity ratio (I D /I G ) of 1.1 alongside a broad 2D region, typical of hard carbons (Fig. 1e and Fig.
By applying hard carbon with a low working potential as the negative electrode for Na ion capacitors, the energy density can be remarkably enhanced due to the expanded working voltage 31 .
The interfacial resistance of hard carbon electrodes was studied by AC impedance spectroscopy (Solartron 147055BEC) on a hard carbon « hard carbon symmetric cell with various electrolytes.
With the increase of carbon layer thickness, the low-potential plateau (LPP) capacity of hard carbon gradually increased, and the high-potential sloping (HPS) capacity gradually decreased.
According to these results, the ionic conductivity of the solidstate NASICON electrolytes increases as temperature does, with values ranging from 0.10 mS/cm at 20ºC to 1.43 mS/cm at 100ºC.
Bimetallic SnSb has significantly attracted attention as a Na-ion battery (SIB) anode owing to its higher theoretical capacity of 752 mA h g -1 compared to conventional hard carbon anodes.
The electrode kinetics of HC as anode for sodium-ion batteries were evaluated by electrochemical impedance spectra (EIS) at amplitudes of 5 mV and frequencies ranging from 1 Hz to 10 5 Hz.
The impurities are unfavorable for the sodium ion diffusion; that is why the Na 2 Fe 0.6 Mn 0.4 PO 4 F/C sample prepared with oxalic acid shows the lowest sodium ion diffusion coefficient.
The Z'-ω -1/2 plot derives from the EIS spectra in Supplementary Fig. 14b, and the slope called Warburg coefficient σ is related to the diffusion of sodium ions in the electrode materials.
Improving the sodium storage performance of sodium-ion batteries under extreme working conditions is of great significance to promote the industrialization process of sodium-ion batteries.
This result verifies the improved stabilization of the O3 structure by Ni 2+ substitution, which correlates to a highly reversible sodium-ion intercalation/deintercalation for this sample.
Approximately 6000 CIF files of diverse NASICON-type materials dating back to 1960 were systematically collected and crawled from websites using natural language processing techniques [1,.
CR2032 coin cells were assembled to evaluate the energy storage capacity of CityU-26 as SIB anodes, demonstrating the Na ions' excellent de-intercalation ability in rechargeable batteries.
Therefore, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) operating at room temperature by the similar intercalation mechanism to that of LIBs are highly desired because of the abundance of sodium resources.
These electrodes frequently exhibit unbalanced intercalation and deintercalation of sodium ions, resulting in unstable structural behavior on the macroscopic and microscopic levels 26,27 .
Such pronounced pseudo-capacitive sodium storage mechanism could be related to the combination of nanostructured and pseudo-capacitive components of TiS 2 /S-TiO 2 /C composites electrode.
As negative electrode in SIB, hard carbon is commonly used, combining a stable electrochemical cycling with low operating potential and reasonable intercalation capacity of sodium ions 7 .
Looking closely at the structure of a NASICON conductor (shown in Figure 1), we see that each M1 site is surrounded by six M2 sites and that each M2 site is surrounded by only two M1 sites.
Similarly, for l-B 2 O monolayer utilized in Na-ion batteries, the energy barriers and migration pathways proles are shown in Fig. 4(c), and the saddle points are also found for each path.
NaxTMO2 cathodes, such as P2-type (x≤0.7) and O3type (0.7<x≤1), materials are considered as appropriate candidates for SIBs because they offer perfect energy density and Na + conductivity .
The most promising method for engineering the structure of hard carbon is through heteroatom doping, and to date, many dopants have been investigated for various hard carbon materials 17, .
The hybrid system of graphite and spherical hard carbon is similar to the single particle powder filling model but with the small-size particles filling into the voids around big practices.
In brief, the enhancement in rate performance (from W = 0.04 h À1 in maricite NaFePO 4 to W = 1.67 h À1 in Na 2 FePO 4 F) can be related to the lower migration barrier (1.4 eV vs. 0.58 eV).
In order to demonstrate the practical application of PbHCF, full cells were assembled with PbHCF/CNTs as the cathode and pre-sodiated hard carbon (HC) as the anode (HC‖PbHCF/CNTs, Fig. 5a).
Na + /Na, 10 and sulfide-based solid electrolytes in contact with hard carbon in the electrode layer also undergo reductive decomposition, resulting in a highly resistive interfacial phase.
A facile, cost-effective, and massive production process was developed to synthesize ultra-micropores (< 0.5 nm) dominated hard carbon via a molten diffusion-carbonization method (Fig. 1a).
Considering the above merits of NVPF, in this review we mainly describe the crystal structure of NVPF and their electrochemical performance for application in Na-ion energy storage devices.
QENS measurements of Na-ion diffusion were performed on single-crystal and high-purity-powder samples using the OSIRIS spectrometer at ISIS 33 with an energy resolution, ΔE HWHM ~ 12.7 µeV.
The ZnMn 2 O 4 /nitrogen doped graphene composite anode of the present study finds its place as a better performing SIB anode for extended cycles and excellent rate capability applications.
Currently, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have garnered extensive attention in energy storage due to their advantages, such as high energy density, high safety, and abundant sodium resources .
The sodium ions bear high polarization at the depth of charge and discharge, indicated by higher values of D Na at the beginning and lower values at the completion of the discharge process.
An alloying-conversion type SIB anode comprising exfoliated GO encapsulating Sb 2 O 3 has proven its viability for mitigating volume expansion and other issues that impede the performance .
As shown in Figs. 6 andS16, Na + adsorption energies on bare graphene surfaces are very weak (≈ -0.4 eV) at different sites (insets 1-3), indicating the failure of enhancing sodium storage.
As such, the challenge is not only how to stabilize a NASICON phase with multiple cations, but also how to do so while preserving -or even enhancing -its energy density and rate capability.
Yin et al. used in situ method (Raman spectroscopy and XRD) to demonstrate the sodium storage mechanism of the carbon material (HMm-1300-Zbe electrode) in charging and discharging process .
Further optimization of the hard carbon-CNT anode is currently underway, and it is highly possible to further improve the cycle characteristics by optimizing the electrolytes and additives.
In contrast, the large-scale graphitized structure would be generated by the hydrothermal treatment under acidic conditions, which is not conducive to the sodium-ion storage behavior of HC.
The two-phase synergy of the P2 + O3 layered material can provide high reversible capacity, and it still has a high capacity retention after 150 times sodium intercalation/de-intercalation.
The outcomes demonstrated in this work based on a general strategy could provide valuable insights into the development of high-performance P2-type layered oxide cathode materials for SIBs.
There is no huge difference on energy barriers for sodium-ion migration between pristine P2-Na 0.7 MnO 2 and doped P2-Na 0.7 MnO 2 , which is attributed to their similar crystal parameters.
When applied as anode material for sodium-ion batteries, the as-prepared SnO 2 /NG nanohybrids exhibit an enhanced electrochemical performance for SIBs compared to the SnO 2 /G counterpart.
In order to evaluate the effect of the KOH-HCl treatment on hard carbon, the elemental composition was investigated before and aer the treatment using X-ray uorescence spectrometry (XRF).
A proof-of-concept full cell with hard carbon anode achieves a high capacity of 117 mA h g -1 (20 mA g -1 ) and a capacity retention of 70% aer 50 cycles, underscoring practical viability.
Given the promising potential for widespread application of ASIBs in the near future, we select the ASIB cathode NFP with the highest Na leaching efficiency for the following investigation.
All NASICON powder samples that were investigated in this study were only sintered for 4 hours but otherwise treated at the same temperatures as their respective dense membrane equivalents.
The cubic-like Mn 2 O 3 with nanoparticles on its surface provides more accessible sites for electrolyte penetration into inner Mn 2 O 3 and exposes a large area for Na-ions transportation.
In general, the intriguing results reported here suggest that lattice strain can lead to signicant enhancements in ionic conduction and rate performance of Li-and Na-ion cathode materials.
The shift toward solid-state electrolytes in LIBs mirrors SIB strategies, but SIBs seem to have an advantage with aqueous and non-flammable options, reducing thermal risks compared to LIBs.
The prepared HE and NFM electrode materials were assembled with sodium metal to form a half-cell for evaluating electrochemical performance (detailed information is provided in Table S4 †).
The Coulombic efficiency of CuMgTi-571 cathode is closer to 100% in comparison with that of NaMNO 2 cathode, indicating better sodiation/de-sodiation reversibility (Supplementary Fig. 10b).
In contrast, O'3 and P3-type Na 1-y Ni 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 phase arose just after 2 h for NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 cathode resulting from spontaneous Na + extraction and insertion of H 2 O molecules.
This SEI provided kinetic protection that minimized parasitic processes in the full Na-ion battery, leading to significant capacity retention benefits when the battery was kept at 100% SOC.
As shown in Fig. 7b, the maximum areal charge storage, Q, occurs at negative potentials, with values of -780.84 µC/cm 2 at -0.84 V for ZrCr2 and -404.96 µC/cm 2 at -2.00 V for ZrNa0.5Cr1.5.
As demonstrated by the capacity retention results (Supplementary Fig. 26, 27), both P2-type and O3-type Mn-based cathode materials clearly exhibit enhanced cyclic retention after Zn doping.
It can be observed that during the discharging processes, the position of the peak shis towards a smaller angle, and the peak intensity decreases, proving the intercalation of sodium ions.
When the ceramic sample subjected to pressure is sintered for 10 h at over 1000 ℃ in a heat treatment furnace, the ceramic powders connect to each other to form a Na-ion conducting channel.
On discharging to 1.9 V (storing 1.5 Na-ions per unit cell), the unit-cell volume (972.19 Å 3 ) was increased by 25%, along with the elongation of the unit cell along the b-axis and c-axis.
At the beginning of discharge, sodium ions rst adsorb on the surface and defects of hard carbon materials. 46 The adsorption process occurs quickly, so the D Na + value is relatively high.
Moreover, calculation results show that with the increase of twin boundaries (TBs), the sodium diffusion energy barrier is greatly reduced, which helps the kinetics of sodium ion diffusion.
In short, the hard carbon is a kind of promising and controllable anode, and researchers hope to make full use of its properties, making it outstanding compared with the rest of the anodes.
While the cell voltage contains the energetics and the entropy of sodium insertion lumped into a single quantity through DG, from the experiment and model we can separate it into DH and DS.
For anodic carbon-based materials in LIBs, this topic has been extensively investigated, and insightful correlations have been found, 9,10 whereas studies on hard carbons for NIBs are rare.
In the charge and discharge process, P2/P3-NaMNO maintained the initial P2 + P3 phase structure without the appearance of new diffraction peaks, suggesting a favorable structural stability.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are quickly emerging as a promising alternative to lithium-ion based energy storage devices, thanks to the abundance, low cost, and wide availability of sodium .
To ensure long cycling capability, cathode materials must accommodate significant volume changes during sodium-ion de/intercalation without inducing permanent crystal structure alterations.
The preservation of these voids and channels could be advantageous for the electrochemical performance of the resulting HC, enhancing electrolyte penetration and sodium ion diffusion rates.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have recently regained extensive research interest as alternatives to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) for energy storage owing to the low cost and abundance of Na .
S21a, the [CPO 3 ] tetrahedra are alternately arranged with [TMO 4 ] or [TMO 6 ] units, while the charge-compensating sodium ions occupy the voids of the transition metal polyhedral layers.
The review mainly in depth reviews the design strategies and fabrication of SIB electrode materials, the influences of electrodes on electrochemical performance and the reaction mechanisms.
Noteworthy is the NASICON framework's ability to host a diverse range of ions, including divalent, trivalent, tetravalent, and pentavalent metal cations, with relatively high solubilities .
F-HC obtained at different temperatures was used as a SIB anode material, and the specific capacity, cycling stability, and rate capability were improved compared with those of pristine HC.
As one of the substitute, room-temperature rechargeable sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted tremendous attentions because of abundant Na resources around the world and its low cost .
To understand the difference in intercalation behaviour for the different hard carbon samples with varying graphitic interlayer distance, a double layer planar graphitic model was employed.
Cycling of the Na/NaFePO 4 cell showed an excellent capacity retention, with $110 mA h g À1 being retained aer 50 cycles. 100 Fluorophosphates have also been studied in both LIBs and NIBs.
In this study the carbonization reactions of lignin precursors follow the same mechanism, and the four hard carbon products keep the architectures of their precursor (lignin-a, b, c, and d).
The comparatively high adsorption energy of the metal atom is a need as a potential contender for anode material in rechargeable lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) and sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
In work reported by Yang's group, 25 a porous FeP/C nanostructure was synthesized through lowtemperature phosphorization of Prussian blue analogues with the presence of sodium hypophosphite.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are currently considered as large-scale energy storage systems potentially replacing lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) because of greater abundance and of lower cost .
In addition, enrichment of electrons between Cr-O could reduce the electrostatic interaction between the electrons and the sodium ions in the interlayer, which favors the diffusion of Na + .
Although many of these optimizations for high-capacity SIB electrodes are difficult to achieve without compromising on one or more performance aspects, they always show some negative traits.
The structural properties of the resulting mangrovederived hard carbon were characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD) using a Rigaku X-ray diffractometer with a Cu Kα (λ = 0.15406 nm) source.
The present minireview provides a survey of the recent developments of conversion-alloying-type anode materials for Na-ion batteries discussed in the context of their operation mechanism(s).
In this work, we prepared a series of carbons with systematically tuned pore size, degree of defects and graphitic structure to understand important fundamentals of sodium storage behaviour.
Na + /Na), sodium ions begin to interact more strongly with the carbon scaffold, occupying higher-energy adsorption sites such as edge planes, structural defects, and near-pore environments.
XANES measurements were carried out at the Mn K-edge for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 extracted at the end of charge and discharge, cycled over two different voltage windows as shown in Figure 7a.
This bipolar material shows a typical O3-type layered structure, containing two electrochemically active transition metals with redox couples of Ni 4+ /Ni 2+ and Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ , respectively.
The developed synthesis route is analogous to the highly scalable production process of NCM materials and leads to sodium cathode materials with technically relevant particle specifications.
Hard carbons can be depicted as small and curved randomly arranged graphitic domains forming a microporous structure, that cannot form any graphitic material even at very high temperatures .
In addition, the strong carbide bonds in niobium and vanadium carbides facilitate hosting a more signicant number of sodium ions, enhancing the coulombic efficiency and reversible capacity.
Recently, several types of insertion materials have been introduced as cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) including P2-types , O3-types , pyrophosphates and organo-compounds .
In this work, 3D polystyrene (PS) microspheres were adopted as sacrificial templates to construct a hierarchical macroporous C@MoS 2 composite, which has rarely been reported for SIB anodes.
This work provides a novel strategy for regulating the solvation environment of sodium ions and promotes the practical application progress of battery-type HC materials in hybrid capacitors.
This exhibited cocktail-like mediation effect evidently improves the practicability of metal sulfide anodes, which will boost the development of high-rate/-voltage sodium-ion full batteries.
However, Zhang et al. reported that there is no intercalation in the sloping and plateau region during the sodiation process via in situ X-ray diffraction (XRD) measurements for hard carbon.
A sodium superionic conductor (NASICON)-structure with a rigid three-dimensional network and an interconnected interstitial space is expected to be an ideal solid electrolyte for fuel cells.
The results in this study shed light on designing more advanced materials for sodium-ion and other types of batteries. sulfur-doped TiO 2 enabling ultrastable and robust sodium storage, Adv.
Sn nanorods modified by N-doped C proposed by Yang et al. have been presented as SIB anodes that could deliver stable extra-long cycle performance with a wide temperature window (-20-50 C) .
This result, however, does give us a good indication of the different sodium speciation within or on the hard carbon, and also gives us the ability to study the morphology of sodium plating.
Na-ion full-cell experiments were conducted within a limited charge and discharge capacity window of 400 mA h g À1 , in the potential range of 1.5-4.3 V at a current density of 200 mA g À1 .
For the sample with a slow discharge rate of 0.1 C, the XRD pattern showed the presence of an ordinary LTO phase with negligible Nacontained phases, indicating an almost reversible reaction.
In response to these challenges, this study focuses on operando stress measurements on commercially relevant high-capacity sodium-ion battery electrodes (NFM) during electrochemical cycling.
In this regard, although SIB technology is rapidly developing, different from cathode materials, anode materials still represent a challenge (Longoni et al. 2016;Santangelo et al. 2017a, b).
As can be seen in Fig. 4, the SnSb/Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 Na-ion full-cell delivers a stable capacity of $400 mA h g À1 for at least 60 cycles, with an average discharge voltage of 2.7 V (Fig.
Both aspects have signicant impact on the ionic conductivity. 21,45,80 Thus, numerous efforts in the past have been made to further improve NaSICONs in competition with liquid electrolytes.
The sodium batteries used for electrochemical tests were coin cells and assembled with sodium metal as the counter electrode, 1 M NaPF6 in DEGDME electrolyte and glassfibre as the separator.
In order to develop appropriate anode materials of the SIBs, several compounds (including hard carbon , metals and alloys , metal oxides , and metal chalcogenides ) have been widely studied.
As an SIB anode, the composite showed competing rate performance (271 mAh g -1 at a current of 2 A g -1 ) and good cyclic stability of about 380 mAh g -1 at a current density of 0.3 A g -1 .
The fundamental understanding of electrochemical reaction kinetics for lithium/sodium-ion batteries (LIBs & NIBs) is a significant criterion for advancing new-generation electrode materials.
In 2017, the start-up Tiamat 98 -100 (France) introduced their first Hard carbon||Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 cylindrical 18,650 cells, which could deliver an energy density of 100-120 Wh kg -1 .
The first model reported by Stevens and Dahn assigned the sloping region to sodium ion insertion between the graphitic layers, and the plateau region to sodium filling or plating into pores.
Specifically, in Fig. 1g, the TM-O plate of Na0.55 contracts significantly, resulting in a substantial increase in the overlapped region and energy position of Ni/Fe 3 d e g* -O 2p orbitals.
The Na 1s peak of hard carbon harvested from ester electrolytes shifts 1.117 eV towards lower binding energy (Fig. 5f), which is much larger than that cycled in ether electrolyte (0.170 eV).
Layered transition metal oxides are among the most promising cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries due to their high theoretical capacity, structural tunability, and cost-effectiveness.
A recent study by Yao et al. 37 modeled SIB cost trajectories against LFP/graphite across 46000 scenarios, simulating varying supply chain conditions, raw material prices and learning rates.
Considering the scalable and facile spray-pyrolysis preparation route, this material is expected to serve as a low-cost and environmentally friendly anode for practical sodium-ion batteries.
Layered oxides based on the structure Na X TMO 2 are promising candidates for sodium-ion intercalation batteries and have received considerable attention throughout the past couple of years.
The superior performance is attributed to the unique 3D porous interconnection structure of 3DP-NFPP@C, which facilitates efficient sodium ion diffusion and improves electronic conductivity.
This work proves that it is essential to maintain a slow heating rate during the pre-carbonization stage in order to obtain the most favorable hard carbon structure for storage applications.
To further assess the nature of concerted hopping in NaSICON materials, we calculated NEB pathways for sequential (separate) Ca 2+ and Na + hops via the same mechanism as shown in Figure 9a.
Therefore, developing a solid-state electrolyte for SIB applications is the main goal of this work. In the 1970s, Wright et al. 6 reported SPEs comprised of PEO and alkali salts such as NaI.
When the Mg 2+ dopant ratio was increased to 0.2 (Mg 0.2 NZSP), the NASICON structures were completely transformed to the rhombohedral phase (PDF Card No. 01-084-1575) (Figs. 1(b) and 1(d)).
The physical property analysis shows that with a small proportion of hard carbon, the compaction density and porosity of the hard carbon/graphite system increases and decreases respectively.
The CR-2032 cells of the LIB and SIB were tested after cycle life studies to gain insight into the structural stability and charge storage abilities of the cycled TPEHBZ-ThBS CMP electrodes.
As a result, the diffusion coefficient (D Li +) value for the LIB is calculated to be 4.87 Â 10 À15 cm 2 s À1 and that for the SIB is calculated to be 4.09 Â 10 À17 cm 2 s À1 , respectively.
S3, † the surface lm formed on the Sn electrode in the SIB system has a thickness of approximately 9.9 nm, which is 2 times thicker than that of the Sn electrode in the LIB system (4.4 nm).
Sodium ions in the prismatic environment are located either on 2d sites sharing edges with adjacent MO 6 octahedra (Na e ) or 2b sites sharing faces (Na f ) with the adjacent MO 6 octahedra.
The relationship between closed pores and plateau capacity is somewhat difficult to build since some of the pores are closed by GNDs which do not allow sodium ions to diffuse or intercalate.
Darjazi et al. stated that olive oil-based HC can be produced at lower pyrolysis temperatures (≤ 1000 °C) with high capacity for Na-ion cells , which is important for low-cost HC production.
Transition metal sulfides (TMS) have gained significant attention as potential anode materials for sodium ion batteries (SIBs) due to their high theoretical capacity and abundance in nature.
One limitation of increased sodium storage in pores is that the process occurs close to 0 V where sodium plating may occur, Energy & Environmental Science Paper especially at higher C rates.
This work establishes a new class of high-entropy polyanionic cathodes, overcoming long-standing limitations in NASICON chemistry and offering a viable path toward durable, high-energy SIBs.
The lithium/sodium storage performances of the TPEHBZ-ThBS CMP anode were evaluated using CR-2032 coin-type half-cells (TPEHBZ-ThBS CMP|1 M LiPF 6 |Li) and (TPEHBZ-ThBS CMP|1 M NaClO 4 |Na).
This structure comprises chains of corner-sharing VO 6 octahedra aligned along the c-axis, interconnected by PO 4 tetrahedra, which facilitate the three-dimensional movement of sodium ions .
Here we report an entropy-stabilized NASICON cathode, Na 3.2 V 1.5 Cr 0.1 Mn 0.1 Fe 0.1 Al 0.1 Mg 0.1 (PO 4 ) 3 (HE-V), synthesized by compositionally complex doping at the 12c Wyckoff site.
Intercalation mechanisms refer to the insertion of sodium ions into lattice materials that exhibit small volume change and thus maintain structural integrity, such as carbon-based materials.
S1 †) and the redox potentials of TMs in the NASICON-related cathode materials, 26,27 these two pair of peaks correspond to the redox centers of Mn 3+ /Mn 2+ and Co 3+ /Co 2+ , respectively.
X-ray diffractometry (XRD) conrmed that these samples predominantly consist of NASICON-type crystals with a monoclinic space group C2/c, along with minor secondary phases of ZrO 2 (ESI Fig.
In addition, the OCV value of the constructed P2-CuS// activated carbon is -175 mV, indicating that P2-CuS is well qualified as an anode and can replace activated carbon in sodium-ion cells.
For the first cycle, two reduction peaks are clearly seen at around 1.59 and 1.29 V, which originate from the intercalation of sodium ions into the SnS 2 layers without phase decomposition .
When assuming that SIB achieve similar lifetimes like current LIB, they can be considered as potentially competitive under environmental aspects, though still lacking behind in terms of GWP.
Moreover, the current material presents the highest working voltage in NIBs compared with other kinds of polyanionic compounds, layered oxide and Prussian blue analogs , as shown in Fig. 3c.
As mentioned in the introduction section, the small polaron plays an essential role in the diffusion processes of the sodium ions in the The crystal structure, electronic structure, voltage,
Among them, NaFePO 4 , Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP) and their derivatives are regarded as attractive cathodes for ARSIBs, owing to their wide channel structure, stability and large surface area.
Additionally, it is due to the spherical morphology of hard carbon, the contact between the particles is point contact, which is less possible to stick together and form seamless interfaces.
To verify the potential of the two binder-free electrodes for wearable energy-storage devices, a quasi-solid-state FARSIB was successfully assembled with a CMC-Na 2 SO 4 polymer electrolyte.
This piece presents an overview of the operational principles behind sodium-ion batteries, examining the preparation techniques, structure, and effectiveness of three main cathode materials.
To further verify the electrochemical energy storage advantages of the high-entropy effect, the synthesized MOFs materials were evaluated as sodium anode materials in CR2016 coin-type cells.
The primary problem is the attribution of sodium storage techniques in slope and platform regions, even though the mechanism of sodium storage in hard carbon materials is still up for debate.
In Table 1 the comparison is made of the main (available) characteristics of actual Li-ion batteries to commercial Na-ion batteries of the first generation produced by some battery providers.
Furthermore, we employed ex situ XPS to investigate the electrochemical reaction mechanism of the SCs during sodiation-desodiation, which can highlight the role of doped S for Na-ion storage.
To the best of our knowledge there are no theoretical studies that quantify the relation between the microstructure of hard carbon materials and the Na storage mechanism in a given structure.
Inspired by these points, creation of an intercalative material applicable for Na-ion crystal structures has become attractive due to their potential for working well in sodium ion batteries.
In this paper, we synthesised a hard carbon series derived from hydrothermal treatment of glucose with citric acid as a catalyst (GCs) which were further carbonized at different temperatures.
The Warburg slope line represents the diffusion capacity of sodium ions in the electrode, with a greater slope indicating a higher ion transport capacity (Moss et al. 2009;Nunes et al. 2024).
In fact, tunnel-type Na 0.44 MnO 2 oxide has been widely studied as a potential positive electrode for rechargeable sodium-ion or lithium-ion (after Na þ /Li þ ion exchange) batteries 35,39 .
By applying these challenging test conditions to Na symmetric cells with coated and uncoated NaSICON, we found that: • Interfacial resistance was reduced by 10-20x by applying the Sn coating.
The scanning electron microscopy of NNM positive electrode after 100 cycles in baseline electrolyte displayed obvious cracks, resulting in irreversible sodium storage (Supplementary Fig. 35).
After the doping, the lattice distance was increased, and the adsorption energy between the S-doped carbon and Na ions was enhanced (-0.216 eV), improving the stability of Na-ion adsorption .
This is the first time that a reversible conversion reaction was found for the mixed spinel composite, thereby providing an alternative anode material and a new approach for Na-ion batteries.
In summary, phosphorus-functionalized hard carbons with low operating voltage and low specific surface area is facilely fabricated by electrospinning method, a low cost and ecofriendly route.
This gives evidence of the reversibility of sodium ions, indicating that there are many intermediate valence states during the insert and extract of sodium ions in the Na0.7CoO2 solid matrix.
Therefore, this work provides insight into the impact of hard carbon macroporosity on the balance between reducing sodium transport pathways and irreversible capacity loss in the first cycle.
With the further development of technology, sodium-ion batteries are expected to be applied in various fields such as large-scale energy storage, electric bicycles, and low-power electronics.
Nevertheless, comparing with Li-ion, Na-ion has larger ionic radius (1.02 Å), and heavier atomic weight, which is not conducive to the ion diffusion during the inserting/extracting processes.
The insertion of Na + redistributes the charge on the hard carbon, leading to an increase in the Fermi level 64 , which results in the binding energy positively shifted by 0.019 eV (Fig. 5e).
Na0.7Mg0.15Mn0.85O2 (NMMO) and Li-substituted Na0.7Mg0.15Li0.1Mn0.75O2 (NMLMO) were prepared through a solid-state reaction, as described in the Experimental Section (Supporting Information).
The incompatibility of the interlayer spacing of graphite for intercalation of large-sized Na + has given room for expanded graphitic carbon and hard carbon for opting as SIB anode materials.
Sodium-ion battery layered oxide cathodes have attracted extensive attention owing to their periodic layered structures, simple synthesis, and high theoretical capacity and operating voltage.
To understand the Na-mobility and ease of extra-Naextraction within the NMO framework, we calculated the Na + E m via DFT-NEB to quantify the Na-ion mobility at the Na 0.22 MnO 2 composition.
Therefore, considering all these observations, it can be concluded that graphene synergistically couples with diglyme to significantly improve the sodium insertion electrochemistry of TiO 2 .
The chemical environments of the Na We demonstrated the versatility of operando, in situ and ex situ solid-state NMR spectroscopy in elucidating sodium storage mechanisms in Na-ion batteries.
Several works have investigated the performance improvement of hard carbon in ether electrolytes and attributed that to a thin inorganic-rich SEI layer that lower the Na + diffusion barrier .
The results presented above demonstrate sodium-ion storage with both high capacity and high rate capability rendered by tunable extrinsic pseudocapacitance in our GF-supported SnS nanosheets.
Khi đổi tốc độ dòng phóng sạc từ C/10 sang C/5 từ chu kì 6, dung lượng phóng của hard carbon sử dụng điện giải E1 và E3 giảm ít nhất nên có tuổi thọ cao hơn khi sử dụng các điện giải còn lại.
Furthermore, gradient Ca 2+ doping reduced internal stress accumulation and enhanced structural integrity by promoting uniform phase transitions and minimizing Na-ion concentration gradients.
The Mn 2p spectra of MnF 2 8#-E in Fig. 9D demonstrate the presence of Mn, Mn-F and Mn-O bonds, revealing the typical characteristics of the conversion reaction between the Mn-O-F and Na-ion.
To date, NaSICON-structured NaV2(PO4)3 has been demonstrated as a successful cathode candidate, exhibiting reversible (de)intercalation of 0.6 mol Ca 2+ along with stable cycling performance.
Several SIB enterprises have been established over time; some are spin-offs from universities and academic work, some are companies developing only SIBs, and others are already LIB producers.
The proposed new -to the best of our knowledge-, scalable, safe, and low-cost sodiation strategy is an excellent method to overcome one of the main issues of P2-type sodium cathode materials.
For example, introducing PO 4 in SO 4 based cathode materials made the system immune to moisture instability , while small addition of SiO 4 at PO 4 sites improves the sodium ion conduction .
Hasegawa et al. 111 used a solgel process to synthesize resorcinol-formaldehyde (RF) gels and subsequently thermal pyrolysis at high temperature (800-3000 °C) to obtain hard carbon materials.
Due to flexible structure tunability and abundant structure diversity, redox-active polymers are promising cathode materials for developing affordable and sustainable Na-ion batteries (NIBs).
Based on this electrolyte, an ASIB full cell comprising NKVP-SP-C cathode and NTP anode can afford the energy density as high as 51 W h kg À1 , which surpasses all reported traditional ASIBs.
Galvanostatic intermittent titration (GITT) and the calculated Na-ion diffusion coefficient (D Na+ ) results present remarkably higher D Na+ for the cathode cycled in NaTFSI/SUL:OTE:FEC (Fig.
In contrast, the results were less successful for the sodium counterparts due to the larger size of sodium as compared to lithium; insertion beyond 4 sodium ions was shown to be unfavourable.
Nano-plate particles may facilitate passage of the electrolyte through each nanoplate, and thus more surface sites would be accessible for sodium ions to react with the Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 sample.
Sodium-ion (Na-ion) batteries have been introduced as a possible alternative to lithium-based ion batteries due to several reasons, including abundant supply, low cost and less toxicity 1,2 .
Furthermore, we show that wettability as measured by contact angle is an incomplete predictor of battery performance due to the dynamic formation of a Na+ ion-conducting NaSn chaperone phase.
The enhanced Na + diffusivity contributes to the rapid sodium storage property of the NMVTP/C cathode, thus resulting in its excellent rate properties and rapid current exploration abilities.
When the potential is further reduced to 0.001 V, the impedance spectrum transitions into two semicircles, suggesting the activation of a pore-lling sodium storage mechanism in the HC anode.
This work opens up a new area of research towards the exploration of sodium intermetallic-forming metal coatings on NaSICON for improved molten sodium battery performance at low temperatures.
However, certain solid materials, such as NASICON-type LiTi₂(PO₄)₃ and anti-perovskite electrolytes, demonstrate superionic conductivity, placing their diffusion performance on par with LEs .
Na + /Na with an energy density of 510 W h kg À1 . 54 Komaba's group also recently compared the electrochemical performance of P2-and O3-type Na x [Fe 1/2 Mn 1/2 ]O 2 in a sodium cell set-up.
Because of its abundant resources, low cost and high reversible specific capacity, hard carbon (HC) is considered as the most likely commercial anode material for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
The Mössbauer spectrum of pure NaFePO 4 at room temperature, studied by Kosova et al., 53 provided a center shi (CS) = 1.20 mm s -1 and an electric quadrupole splitting (QS) = 2.19 mm s -1 .
The challenges facing the SIB system include Volume Variations, Voltage Hysteresis, Inadequate Mechanistic Understanding, and Unstable Solid Electrolyte Interphase, as presented in Figure 18.
All sodium metal electrodes were rolled by hand and stored in the glove box for less than one month and brushed with a toothbrush to remove any possible oxide layer on the surface before use.
Therefore, this ratio of graphite and hard carbon particle size can form a good void filling, and can play an important role in supporting and regulating the void of the hybrid powder system.
In situ XRD was further utilized to monitor the structural evolution of Na0.55 and Na1 at high charge and discharge rates of 1 C (120 mA g -1 ) and 5 C (600 mA g -1 ) (Supplementary Fig. 38).
The optimized hard carbon showed an enhanced initial CE, a reversible capacity of 321.5 mAh g -1 at 50 mA g -1 , and a high capacity retention rate up to 86.9% over 2 000 cycles of 1 A g -1 .
However, the interlayer spacing values calculated for PDC-(300-500)-1400 A are characteristic for hard carbons, which agrees well with Raman spectroscopy and gas sorption measurement results.
Heteroatoms such as N, S, P, and solvents, which promote stronger H-bonding, allow reactants to gather into tiny emulsion droplets and aggregates to form micro-spherical hard carbons (MSHCs).
The volume change during sodium insertion and extraction was only 0.77%, indicative of "zero-strain" characteristics; the material exhibits over 1,200 cycles with a capacity retention of 75%.
Most P2-type layered oxides exhibit Na þ /vacancy-ordered superstructures because of strong Na þ -Na þ interaction in the alkali metal layer and charge ordering in the transition metal layer.
This article describes the compositional optimizations, crystallographic evaluations, and electrochemical behavior of a new mixed NASICON polyanionic compound, NaFe 2-x V x (PO 4 )(SO 4 ) 2 .
Furthermore, a full-cell conguration using hard carbon as the anode (HC‖PbHCF/ CNTs) demonstrated promising practical performance, highlighting its potential for energy storage applications.
In this study the data was collected from the Materials Project Database , containing a total of 7397 sodium-ion battery materials properties calculated using density functional theory (DFT).
Pang et al. demonstrated that restricting the charging voltage below 4.0 V effectively suppresses phase transitions in P2-type layered oxides under high voltages improving capacity retention.
For instance, Yang et al. 17 utilized Prussian blue magnetic nanoparticles/graphene oxide inorganic-polymer composite microspheres coated with calcium alginate as adsorbent for soil cleaning.
Linear ether is mostly used alone due to its high solubility and moderate solvation ability, and is typically paired with HC or sodium metal anodes, and polyanionic and layered oxide cathodes.
This Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2-based symmetric cell exhibits a high voltage of 2.8 V, a reversible discharge capacity of 85 mAh g -1 , 75% capacity retention after 150 cycles and good rate capability.
For the mechanism of sodium storage in hard carbon, more researchers are still needed to establish a better and more accurate sodium storage model through advanced characterization techniques.
From 300 °C onwards, the TGA curve is a straight line, revealing no weight loss occurs within the material after this point and the beginning of the formation of the layered P2-type material .
As reported that natural leaves have the 3D hierarchical pores structure which is advantage for Na-ion diffusion and the integral connected carbon framework is beneficial for electro transfer.
NASICONs (sodium superionic conductors) have emerged as pivotal entities in the realm of solid-state materials due to their remarkable ionic conductivity properties for solid-state batteries .
These results suggested that carefully control of the oxidation level of doped graphene is required, depending on its dopant nature, to provide optimal performance in sodium storage processes.
The sodium-ion effective diffusion coefficients (D Na ) were determined using the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) (Fig. 1f), as described in Supplementary Note 1 (ESI †).
This approach made it feasible to regulate the potential in NASICON-type crystals with a stable active center, offering new insights for increasing the average working voltage of SIB cathodes.
Based on the above research results and related literature research, we have not found any literature on Zn 3 Nb 2 O 8 as an anode material and its application in lithium/sodium-ion batteries.
The calculated b values were 0.76, 0.86, 0.87, 0.80, respectively, indicating that the kinetics of sodium-ion storage in 3DP-NFPP@C are predominantly capacitive at higher scan rates (Fig. 5c).
Electrochemical insertion/extraction of sodium ion was introduced in the early 1980s (refs 6-8) but research has been directed towards lithium systems due to lithium's higher available energy.
Finally, a porous Ni current collector was laminated on the porous Nasicon with infiltrated Ni nanoparticles by the screen-printing process with Ni slurry containing the pore former (Fig. 1a).
Here, we present an advanced large language model (LLM) framework for building a comprehensive materials database of layered metal oxide (LMO) cathode materials in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
The particle size of BM PBA is significantly reduced making the Na-insertion/extraction mechanism more facile due to the larger surface area available and shorter diffusion length for Na-ions.
The coin-cells were fabricated using CR2032 casings utilizing prepared electrodes as cathode, sodium metal anode, glass fiber separator, and 1 M NaClO 4 in PC with 5% FEC (v/v) as electrolyte.
On the other hand, hard carbon is needed as an anode material, whose production from sugar is associated with relatively high impacts, partially neutralizing the benefit of the avoided copper.
Based on this study, a new biomass derived hard carbon composites with superior electrochemical properties is reported, which is promising for low-cost and eco-friendly anode material of LIBs.
A comprehensive description of the custom battery cell design and its assembly is described in detail in the literature and ESI. † 31,33 Sodium metal was used as a counter/reference electrode.
On the cathode side, layered sodium transition metal oxides and polyanionic compounds such as phosphates and Prussian blue analogues are currently considered in literature (Hasa et al., 2021).
The magnetic microgels were prepared by surface polymerization of 4-vinyl pyridine and styrene on magnetite nanoparticles and attachment of Prussian blue analogues by ligand exchange reaction.
Before the full-cell assembly, the hard carbon anodes were electrochemically presodiated by undergoing five cycles of discharging and charging at a current density of 50 mA g -1 in half-cells.
The designed 18650/33140 cylindrical cells using modified Prussian blue analogues and hard carbon display improved cycling stability and wide-temperature working performance (-40 o C-100 o C).
Moreover, the temperature-dependent chemical structure of the SEI directly governs the electrochemical reversibility of sodium anodes at low temperatures through distinct mechanistic pathways.
From low-to mid-ranges and then to high q ranges, the morphological (i.e., shape), microstructural (microporosity) and structural characteristics of hard carbon materials can be explored 177 .
Cyclic voltammetry (CV) measurements were conducted to compare the redox behaviors of the entropy-tuned Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.23 -Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 and the non-entropy-tuned NaMNO 2 .
Instead of lithium ions, sodium-ions are transferred via an organic electrolyte through a separator between the two electrodes, in which they are intercalated and deintercalated, respectively.
The sodium-deficient P2-type electrodes have been sodiated by means of thermal evaporation of sodium, resulting always in electrodes with higher reversible capacity than the pristine P2-NMFTO.
Regulating lithium (Li) plating with high reversibility on hard carbon (HC) anodes is a practical approach to breaking through the bottleneck of the fast-charging lithium-ion batteries (LIBs).
In particular, we examine the phase stability of Na x Si 24 along the whole composition range (0 ≤ x ≤ 4), volume and voltage changes during the (de)sodiation process, and sodium ion mobility.
Obviously, it is significant to shorten the diffusion path and enlarge the interlayer spacing for ameliorating the electrochemical properties of intercalated-energy-storage hard carbon anodes.
Similar cells have been used in previous works and a schematic is included in Figure S2. 34,45 The Na|SnNaSICONSn|Na cells were first conditioned using 24 low-current cycles at 0.75 mA cm -2 .
Still significant improvement potential is given, especially by reducing the environmental impacts associated with the hard carbon production and by reducing the nickel content in the cathode.
In other words, excess sodium ions that Na 3 VP receives from the PNZ-Na solution are preferentially accommodated in the Na2 site, making it close to completely occupied in the Na 4 VP sample.
Specifically, structural instability and sodium dendrite growth (hard carbon), and narrow interlayer spacing (soft carbon and graphite) are the dominant constraints for carbonaceous materials.
The crystal structure of β-NaCoPO 4 is described as a closed framework composed of octahedral CoO 6 edge-sharing chains and tetrahedral PO 4 cross-linked chains running parallel to the b-axis.
In this context, sodium layered oxides (Na x MO 2 , (M = TM = transition metal)) have attracted significant attention thanks to their ease of synthesis, high capacity and good rate capability.
The scattering shift to the lower scattering vector (q) region with the rise in carbonization temperature corresponds to the nanostructure and nanopores in the hard carbon structure (Fig. 1e).
Nevertheless, as the content of crystalline cellulose increases in wood precursors, the true density of the corresponding hard carbon decreases, which reveals the increased closed pore volume.
For the 289 quinones that are likely stable SIB cathode materials, a distribution of the theoretical gravimetric energy densities versus the predicted reduction potentials is shown in Fig. 3b.
The composite (SnO 2 NRs/GA) also demonstrated excellent cycling stability as an SIB anode, with a high reversible capacity of 96 mAh g -1 at a high current density of 1 A g -1 for 500 cycles.
The development of high-capacity and long-cycled carbon anodes for sodium-ion batteries is limited by the sluggish kinetics of surface capacitive adsorption that dominates the rate capability.
This gives an apparently unlimited capacity, well above the theoretical capacity of Na 2 Fe 2 OS 2 or the hard carbon electrode, and leads to a complete loss of cycling performances aerwards.
These results thus suggest that the robust B/C structure and stable PO 4 3À anions are favorable for sodium-ion transport and play an important role in enhancing the rate performance (Fig. 5).
Figure 5m and Figure S11 revealed the crystal structure changes of NVPF, 25% K doped NVPF and 50% K doped NVPF, respectively, which were derived from the extraction of one and two sodium ions.
Notably, the FARSIB delivers a volumetric capacity of 34.21 mAh cm -3 at 0.2 A cm -3 and can retain a high capacity of 24.23 mAh cm -3 at 4.0 A cm -3 , implying its remarkable rate properties.
They involved surface faradaic reactions between the sodium ions and the functional groups as well as the bipolar behaviour of rGO resulting in additional capacitive storage of ClO 4 À anions.
Different polyanion groups, such as AsO 4 , can be incorporated in the NASICON structure 20,21 , though compounds with these polyanions have not been studied as extensively as the Si-P system.
The feature of high theoretical capacity, long thermal stability, and low-cost fabrication offers the layered transition metal oxide NaCrO 2 as an excellent candidate for sodium-ion batteries.
For half-cell tests, sodium metal served as the counter electrode, Whatman glass fiber as the separator, and 1.0 M NaCF 3 SO 3 in diethylene glycol dimethyl ether (DIGLYME) as the electrolyte.
This change in average M-O bonding would be observed in the Raman data because, more specifically, the bonding is Ge-O-P or Al-O-P, and Raman spectra of NASICONs primarily show P-O vibrations.
Furthermore, in situ synchrotron diffraction and X-ray absorption spectroscopy measurement are carried out to unravel the underlying sodium storage mechanism and charge compensation behaviour.
After reorganization the second Na-ion is extracted from the Na sites at a higher potential (~4.1 V), which results in the formation of NaV 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 at the end of the charging process .
The elaboration of a composite filament, here comprising PLA/ Ag-coated Cu/PEGDME500 (wt% 9.6/86.5/3.8), specially designed to be used as a current collector within a LIB or SIB was initiated.
The magnetic, orbital and structure phase transitions of FeV 2 O 4 43-45 have been widely investigated but it has not been employed as an anode material for both Li and Na-ion battery systems.
Mechanochemical grinding of polycrystalline powders of the Prussian blue analogue (PBA) Mn[Co(CN) 6 ] 2/3 & 1/3 ÁxH 2 O and K 3 Co(CN) 6 consumes the latter and chemically modifies the former.
Komayko et al. investigated the effects of two different intercalation approaches on the performance of SIB cathode materials at low temperatures and high discharge current limits [Figure 8B].
Despite the immense potential of aqueous sodium-ion batteries (ASIBs) in EEST, their practical application in high latitude or cold regions is limited due to the high freezing points of water.
Hence, GC1000 is the most favourable for sodium intercalation from these calculations, whereas GC1900 would not be expected to store much sodium in the graphitic stacks with calculated d 002 .
S4, ESI †), including low viscosity (11.4 mPa s), high ionic conductivity (28.6 mS cm À1 , approximately three times organic Na-ion battery electrolytes 36 ), and low water content (14.9 wt%).
These findings imply the potential to regulate the microstructure of hard carbons through the initial heating rate during carbonization. † Electronic supplementary information (ESI) available.
Although initial SIB cathodes delivered a significantly lower capacity than their lithium-ion battery counterparts, new high-capacity cathode materials for SIBs continue to be developed today.
In order to establish a comparative analysis, hard carbons derived from D-(+)-glucose (Sigma-Aldrich, 499%) and D-(À)-fructose (Sigma-Aldrich, 499%) were also synthesized with the same recipe.
Among the candidates for NIB anodes, carbon-based materials still holds the promise considering the cost for the potential scaling up, and the most promising one is expected to be hard carbon.
In the search for new electrode materials for SIB application, our proposed platform consists of three parts, i.e., ML modelprediction, DFT calculations, and experimental validation (Fig. 1a).
However, the improvement of the rate performance of both LiFePO 4 and NaFePO 4 for portable electronic or electric vehicle applications will require signicantly improved ionic conductivities.
This structural arrangement influences both the physical and chemical properties of the crystal, distinguishing it from the Maricite phase, where sodium ions and transition metals swap places.
In this context, this paper aims to delve into the intricate interplay of polyanion composition, sodium content, and their joined influence on the ionic conductivity of NASICON-type materials.
Here we investigate the effect of lattice strain on the ion conduction and defect properties of both LiFePO 4 and NaFePO 4 olivine-type cathode materials using atomistic simulation techniques.
The sodium ion transference number (t Na+ ) was tested by assembling a Na symmetrical cell at room temperature with a constant voltage of 10 mV according to the literature method (Fig. 4a-c) .
Lignin-derived hard carbon typically has a high-specific surface area and a well-developed porous structure, which are crucial for improving the electrochemical performance of supercapacitors.
Because of the large natural abundance of Na (23000 ppm) and K (17000 ppm) in comparison to that of Li (20 ppm) in the earth's crust , Na-ion and K-ion batteries have attracted much attention.
As is known, Na-ion transfer is controlled by diffusion if the b value is close to 0.5, while it exhibits capacitance with faster kinetics if the b value is close to 1.0. 39,40 As shown in Fig.
The higher edge position at OCV (7125.6 eV) of the BM PBA indicates a greater oxidation state of 2.4+ to start with, corroborating the results in Figure 1 on Na-ion deficiency and Fe oxidation.
This early decomposition, marked by the onset temperature (T onset ), compromises the anode's protective layer, exposing sodium metal and intensifying exothermic reactions with the electrolyte.
Our findings provide insight into the future design and development of hard carbons for NIBs, to produce optimised materials which will contribute to the advancement of sodium-ion technologies.
After Ni 2+ -substitution, the fringe spacing corresponding to the plane increases from 0.53 to 0.55 nm for the NCNO-0.05 sample, which belongs to the Rinm phase of O3-type layered metal oxide.
Holly leaf-derived hard carbon of lamellar structure with enlarged nano-pores of tiny graphite-like domains and meso-pores was prepared by hydrothermal carbonization followed pyrolysis process.
Yang et al. prepared S-doped N-rich carbon via thermolysis of N-rich carbon in an H 2 S/ Ar atmosphere, which delivered excellent reversibility for Na-ion storage (350 mAh g -1 at 50 mA g -1 ).
Meanwhile, electrons accumulate on the surfaces of CoS and TiO 2 , indicating that both materials can capture sodium ions, thus providing a synergistic effect on sodium ion storage performance.
We attribute this enhanced stability to the strength of the Hf-O bond versus that of the weaker Zr-O bond, and the inuence of this increased stability on the overall NaSICON crystal structure.
Ionic liquids like Pyr13FSI remain inert to 300 °C (versus polycarbonate exploding at 150 °C), yet optimization for SIB compatibility with electrodes and electrochemical performance is lacking.
Figure 6 (a) depicts that at 0.4 C, the initial discharge capacity of a sodium ion battery with a Na2FePO4F/CNT multilayer cathode reached 103.5 mAh/g, 82% of the theoretical value (126 mAh/g).
Due to the Jahn-Teller effects and increased Na + -Na + electrochemical interactions, the D Na+ value decreases from 2.18 × 10 -11 to 1.8 × 10 -12 cm 2 s -1 at the end of the discharge process.
In this perspective, we present an overview of the research and advancement of lignocellulose-derived hard carbon anodes and their pivotal role in the commercialization of sodium-ion batteries.
Furthermore, from the perspective of articulation of Li and Na systems, there are no obstacles to research on Na-ion batteries because their binders, electrolytes, additives, etc., are similar.
In addition to active sites, the surrounding environments of active sites also affect the performance of SIB anode materials, for example vacancies, specific surface area, morphology and so on.
For anodes, alternative materials to hard carbon, such as modified graphite with expanded interlayer spacing or nanostructured alloys, could reduce the thermal effect and enhance SEI stability.
The sodium storage mechanism of TiO 2 is still under investigation, 52 although mechanisms including insertion, conversion reactions, and pseudocapacitance have been reported in the literature.
This work shows a unique electrolyte/structure-dependent cocktaillike mediation effect of metal sulfide anodes, which will boost the development of high-rate/-voltage sodium-ion full batteries.
Further, it is worth noting that the analysis above assumes that the average pore size of pristine hard carbon measured by SAXS corresponds to the size during cycling of the electrode material.
The uniform nanobers were prepared by electrospinning and mille-feuille shaped hard carbon material with a good particle size and low surface area was prepared aer high temperature pyrolysis.
Consistent with the STEM results, the d values of the P2 and P3 phases are very close (5.543 Å vs. 5.542 Å) in P2/ P3-NaMNO, whereas a notable difference is observed in the comparative samples.
Herein, we report the synthesis of a hard carbon anode material, namely HMF-HC, via a one-step thermal condensation of HMF at 1100 1C, without the need for complex poreforming agents (Fig. 1a).
This indicates that only minor carbon residuals might be formed due to decomposition of the sacrificial template and the formed hard carbons mainly consist of the pyrolysis products of glucose.
In conclusion, we have studied AMIILTs (AM = Li, Na, K, Cs) obtained by a simple solution processing approach for their application as SIB electrodes to verify the role of alkaline ion species.
For instance, the representative O3-type cathode material NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 , the phase transition in charge process in the voltage range of 2.2-4.5 V is corresponding to O3-O'3-P3-P'3-P3'' .
Progress in sodium intercalation chemistry is primarily inherited from work on Li-ion materials, with the negative and positive electrodes for sodium systems based on similar structural types .
The effect of lattice strain on the ion conduction properties of olivine-type cathode materials for lithium-and sodium-ion batteries has been investigated using atomistic simulation techniques.
The excellent electrical conductivity of CNFIG matrix can also provide effective pathways for fast electron transportation (Fig. 3c), which will benefit the insertion/extraction of sodium ions.
The obvious decrease in the specific capacities in the 2nd (219 mAh g -1 ) and 5th (179 mAh g -1 ) cycles for pure MoS 2 further confirms its poor reversible capability for sodium ions storage.
This shi is attributed to the incorporation of sodium ions into the crystal lattice, leading to an increase in the lattice parameters and distortion of the lattice, resulting in the peak shi.
The XRD patterns of the LAGP employed in this study were found to align with the diffraction pattern of the NASICON LiGe 2 (PO 4 ) 3 trigonal (ICSD No. 69763) in the R-3c space group (Fig. 1a).
It has showed superior specific capacity (277 mAh g -1 ) and cycling stability (3000 cycles) at high current (5000 mA g -1 ), with a high Coulombic efficiency of 99.99% in sodium-ion batteries.
Our model's proficiency underwent systematic validation through cross-validation techniques, ensuring its robustness in predicting NASICON compositions with superior electrochemical properties.
The increase of the temperature up to 900°C leads to the conversion from P3-type to P2-type structure (Space group P6 3 /mmc ) while remaining NiO formed during the synthesis is still observed.
The contribution rate of capacitive behavior reaches 70.9% at a scan rate of 0.8 mV s -1 , indicating that sodium ions adsorbed on the surface play a dominant role, as illustrated in Fig. 5(c).
As an example, electrolytes based on NaPF 6 dissolved in carbonates were found to be more reactive towards sodium inserted hard carbon (Na/HC) than the corresponding LiPF 6based electrolyte vs.
Interestingly, the average Na storage voltage for the positive electrode is ca. 3.5 V, which is much higher than that of O3-type NaCrO 2 (ca. 3 V) with the same Cr 3 þ /Cr 4 þ redox couple 43 .
Because the ash content proves to have an important influence on the electrochemical performance of HC materials, its determination should be considered mandatory for all hard carbon materials.
The de-intercalation of sodium ions results in multiple voltage plateaus in the range of 2.51-3.32 V (Fig. 4d), which corresponds to the wide oxidation peak observed in the CV curve of Fig. 2d.
It is reasonable to believe that switchgrass can supply an abundant carbon source, allowing for facile production of 3D porous carbon material with an attractive sodium ion storage performance.
While not able to compete with those in terms of energy density, SIB do have potential for becoming a green alternative in areas where energy density is not the principal performance parameter.
As a result, the hard carbon anode delivers high reversible capacity and outstanding cycling stability even under extreme low-temperature conditions (Fig. 3e). 3.1.2 NaClO 4 -based electrolyte.
As inspired by the positive influences of OVs on sodium ion intercalating in TiO2(B), the OVs evoked blue TiO2(B) nanobelts are successfully designed by redox reaction of pyrrole (Py) monomers.
Hard carbon (HC) is a promising anode material for the commercialization of sodium-ion (Na + ) batteries (SIBs) due to its abundant resources, low voltage plateau, and high reversible capacity.
NaCoPO 4 and anatase-based aqueous rechargeable sodium-ion batteries are cost-effective and easily compete with the highly successful lead-acid aqueous storage battery with proper optimization.
As shown in FIG. 4, the ReN 2 monolayer can adsorb three layers of Na atoms on each sides for Na-ion batteries, and the maximal storage capacity of the ReN 2 monolayer can reach 751 mA h g -1 .
Herein, we elucidate the role of vacancies in the TM layers for an oxygen redox-derived high-capacity sodium cathode through a combination of experimental and thermodynamic theoretical studies.
Upon disassembly it was noticed that there was some compression of the sodium metal, which expanded the area of the sodium foil, increasing the effective surface area to an estimate of 9 cm 2 .
The discharge capacity of NaMNO 2 decreases dramatically with increasing C-rates, while all the Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.23 -Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 shows better rate performance than NaMNO 2 .
This suggests the formation of smaller particles in the pre-pyrolysis step that are more thoroughly graphitized, have less amorphous fraction and are therefore less efficient in sodium storage.
Considering these excellent performances, it is expected that borophene will be a promising candidate with high capacity and high rate capability for the anode material in sodium-ion batteries.
However, for the hard carbon cycled in ether electrolytes, no C-Na bond can be detected throughout the etching process (Fig. 5d), indicating that Na + can be reversibly removed during charging.
Most NASICON-type electrodes rarely undergo complex phase change reactions during sodium storage, resulting in satisfactory cycling stability, which is an important factor for large-scale EES .
At the same time, SIB have the advantages of fast charging and relatively high safety performance, which is expected to make up for the shortcomings of lithium-ion batteries in related aspects.
Considering the practicality of materials, the sodium ion full-batteries were assembled with commercial Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C as the cathode and V 1.87 FeS 4 or Fe 7 S 8 as the anode (Fig. 6a).
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are anticipated to facilitate substantial energy storage solutions, primarily because of their economical nature and the plentiful availability of sodium resources .
Sodium-ion batteries offer a promising alternative to lithium-ion batteries due to their low cost, environmental friendliness, high abundance of sodium, and established electrochemical process.
The performance of a SnSb Na-ion battery anode composed of nanolayers of Sn and Sb is reported, wherein the cycle life was significantly enhanced by the use of a high concentration electrolyte.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are recognized as a leading option for energy storage systems, attributed to their environmental friendliness, natural abundance of sodium, and uncomplicated design.
This limited the available capacity likely by blocking sodium ion diffusion, highlighting that transition metal migration can be a signicant source of performance degradation at high voltages.
To accommodate these high current densities, the concentration gradient across the cell would have gradually increased leading to the "arc-and-plateau" feature observed in the NaSICON-500 cell.
The presence of oxygen-containing defects improves the sodium storage capacity of the carbon surface, except for the O C defect (-2.85 eV) which shows no change in the sodium adsorption energy.
The pressed cylinder was sintered on a bed of NaSICON precursor powder, covered with a crucible and heated in air at 5 °C min -1 to 1230 °C, including holds at 400 °C for 2 h and 600°C for 4 h.
However, this goal is not entirely achievable in the case of P2-type layered transition-metal oxides because of the sluggish kinetics and unfavorable electrode|electrolyte interphase formation.
A s an alternative to lithium-ion batteries, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have received significant attention for gridscale energy storage due to the relatively high abundance of sodium sources.
To investigate the sodium ion insertion and extraction behavior of the 3DP-NFPP@C material, both cyclic voltammetry (CV) and galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) were employed.
In the next 20 years, a variety of biomass precursors have been used to prepare hard carbon, such as grapefruit peel, peat moss, banana peel, seaweed, ramie, and natural polymer phenolic resin .
In this study, we present Cu 3 [Fe(CN) 6 ] 2 (CuFe) nanoparticles, a Prussian blue analog (PBA), which can not only efficiently sequester Cs but also exhibit resistance against radiation damage.
Additionally, the design thought, synthesis method, electrochemical performance, and sodium storage mechanism of each unique morphology are summarized by a detailed analysis of several examples.
We show that this effect becomes maximum for y=0.52 (P2 Na 0.67 Ni 0.30 Zn 0.03 Mn 0.15 Ti 0.52 O 2 ) and beyond, for which we observe a nearly solid-solution like behavior of P2-type structure.
From a practical point of view, soft carbon has the potential for practical applications due to its low price, high carbon production rate, excellent safety, and good sodium storage performance.
Na-ion batteries (NIBs) represent one of the most promising solutions for grid-scale storage of electrical energy produced by intermittent renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar power.
However, in sodium-ion coin cells using NFM111 and hard carbon electrodes, the lower concentration electrolytes gave comparable cycling performance to conventionally used 1 M NaPF 6 electrolyte.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted huge attention due to not only the similar electrochemical properties to Lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) but also the abundant natural reserves of sodium.
For evaluating Na-ion storage performance of the anodes in SIBs, half-cells were constructed, where the working electrode was a hard carbon electrode, and the counter electrode was sodium metal.
It was found that the lattice distortion and crystal-plane buckling induced by the P2-O2 phase transition slowed down the Na-ion transport in the bulk and hindered the extraction of the Na ions.
Additionally, LF-1300C's 84% capacity retention improvement over CF-1300C after 100 cycles at 0.5 C exceeds that of polyvinyl chloride-derived hard carbon (389 mAh g -1 , 70% ICE) in stability .
Besides the cradle-to-gate impacts, the authors, for the first time, performed a cradle-to-grave assessment of SIB cells, also including use-phase and end-of-life, i.e. recycling of the battery.
In this work, various alkalimetal ions (Li, Na, K, and Cs ions) were used as intercalating agents by a simple solution process to study the role of interlayer ions in LT as SIB anode electrodes.
Abouimrane et al. discovered that disodium terephthalate-based organic material may be used as effective anode material of sodium-ion batteries, in combination with any transition-metal cathode.
For a hard carbon to store sodium, it needs to have small graphitic domains 19 and when pyrolyzing peat at 300 C, it might be too amorphous to allow for effective sodium intercalation (Fig. 4a).
The reliable candidates for practical Na-ion batteries can be found among various layered structure sodium transition metal oxides because of the high working voltage and high specific capacity.
Disordered 'hard' carbons are considered promising anode materials, but an incomplete understanding of the sodium storage mechanism prevents improved rational design of higher performing anodes.
These findings confirm that the slope region is primarily governed by fast surface-driven processes, while the plateau region is controlled by slower diffusion-limited sodium storage mechanisms.
As shown in Table 2, the distance of interlayer (d 002 ) is larger than that of graphite (0.335 nm) according to the calculation results, which is favorable for sodium ion storage and transport.
This can be explained considering that the c-axis in the tetragonal phase is elongated compared to a and b, resulting in longer distances for the Na-ion hopping into a vacant site (Table S2a †).
From a transport perspective, both compounds demonstrated excellent electrical conductivity, with σ/τ values of 4.81 × 10 20 and 2.64 × 10 20 (Ω•m•s) -1 for ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5, respectively.
Therefore, in addition to expanded interlayer spacing and N/P co-doping, the presence of closed pores also plays a critical role in promoting the remarkable Na-ion storage performance of DAP-HC.
Sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) are considered a natural successor to LIBs because of their similar chemical and electrochemical properties, 2 offering a more sustainable and lower cost alternative.
Unlike graphite's sharp peak, hard carbon's decomposition is stretched across a broader temperature range, potentially allowing more time for fire prevention systems to mitigate thermal runaway.
SEM-EDX of selected carbon samples demonstrates that the increase in the post-pyrolysis temperature gives rise to hard carbons with higher carbon content and lower impurity content (Table S1 †).
In order to theoretically investigate in depth the effect of different metal element contents on the formation of highentropy MOFs and the kinetics of sodium storage, DFT calculations were used.
This process encounters substantial energy barriers, stemming from the unfavorable accommodation of sodium ions within the tetrahedral sites, a phenomenon attributed to inherent size mismatches.
The electrochemical performance of WS 2 nanosheets as SIB anode material was investigated by cyclic voltammetry (CV) tests and galvanostatic charge-discharge measurements at different densities.
Diffraction peaks of maricite-NaFePO 4 synthesized by the solid state method 26 were indexed to the Pnma space group NaFePO 4 (Inorganic Crystal Structure Database (ICSD) card no. 25-0770) (Fig.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) offer several advantages over traditional lithium-ion batteries, including a more uniform sodium distribution, lower-cost materials, and safer transportation options.
The authors indicated that the (ID/ID+IG) ratio of hard carbon prepared from sucrose at 1300 °C was reduced from 0.76 to 0.65 as the pyrolysis ramp decreased from 5 °C min -1 to 0.5 °C min - 1 .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have garnered significant attention due to their similar working principles to lithium-ion batteries and the abundant, cheap, and widely distributed sodium resources.
The difference in the morphology of LTAP and LTaAP observed from the micrograph shows primarily the NASICON rectangular cubic structure with crystalline neck growth among the particles for LTAP.
Melt-polymerization and mechanical ball-milling were combined to achieve the facile mass production of polyimide covalent organic frameworks (COFs) towards high-performance sodium-ion batteries.
It can therefore be presumed that ultra-micropores, formed in hard carbons that have been preheated at 500 °C for 7 days, provide a good environment for the insertion and de-insertion of sodium.
As shown in Fig. 5k, KNVO-II exhibited much higher D Na+ values of ~10 -11 cm 2 s -1 , which were approximately one order of magnitude greater than those of the NVO cathode (~10 -12 cm 2 s -1 ).
Neff in 1985, by using Prussian Blue (PB, Fe [Fe(CN) 6 )] ) as both cathode and anode, due to the potential difference between high-spin Fe-sites (Fe-N sites) and low-spin Fe sites (Fe-C sites).
This strategy has been successfully applied to NASICON materials in reports from Stenina et al. 24,25 indicating the great potential to turn NASICON materials into proton conductor electrolytes.
Sodium ion batteries based on O3-type cathode materials show great market prospects for applications in electric bicycle, low-speed electric vehicles and large-scale energy storage applications.
As a proof of concept, the bio-derivative was first explored as an advanced anode material, delivering excellent capacity, good rate capability, and cycling performance for sodium-ion batteries.
The results reveal that the Na + diffusion in these NASICONs is three-dimensional and can provide guidelines on how dopants and changes in the crystal structure can affect the Na + conductivity.
The initial P3/O3 weight fraction in the PC sample is 0.789/0.211, which likely explains the similarity in phase evolution between PC and FC, both being dominated by the P3-type characteristics.
It is found that the relative stability of the ternary graphite intercalation compounds and the free solvent activity are one of the most dominant factors determining the sodium storage voltage.
Na-ion battery is an emerging concept which is profiting from the technological similarity to Li-ion ones, which is undoubtedly shortening the time needed to develop commercially viable devices.
To cope with extreme conditions while fulfilling safety and environmental requirements, extensive systematic research is necessary for subzero-temperature aqueous sodium-ion batteries (SASIBs) .
This study provides a versatile pathway for creating inorganic ion conductors with high conductivity and long-term cyclability, advancing the development of all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries.
Consequently, the increased electrostatic repulsion among neighboring oxygen atoms facilitates the slippage of adjacent TM layers, leading to a phase transition from the P2-type to the O2-type .
Alternatively, the decomposed powder was ground and heated to 625 °C at a rate of 5 °C min -1 for 3 h under oxygen then cooled to 50 °C at a rate of 5 °C min -1 to obtain Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2.
In particular, materials undergoing alloying and/or conversion reactions could present high sodium storage capacities and low operation potential, which could benefit the energy density of SIBs.
Micro-spherical hard carbons (MSHCs) provide an alternative, as the morphology can provide optimum surface-controlled phenomena, improve mobile ion kinetics, and enhance electronic conductivity.
This smooth, uniform, and continuous Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C composite nanofibers prepared by simple electrospinning method, is expected to be a superior cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
The presence of vacancies in the transition metal layers for P3type Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 not only provides a reversible oxygen redox couple but also preserves the P3 structure over several cycles.
The electrochemical performance of MoS 2 nanoflowers and MoS 2 /rGO (MoS-G) electrodes was evaluated using Swagelok type half-cell configuration with Sodium metal as counter/reference electrode.
Sodium metal|NASICON solid electrolyte interfaces were formed through cycling at different current densities in a 1 μm 2 region, where the critical current density was found to be 0.04 μA μm -2 .
The issue is that when these materials are exposed to ions, their structural makeup changes. "Sodium-ion batteries can become a more environmentally friendly alternative to lithium-ion batteries.
This work provides a new concept of double-defective and conversion-type electrode materials to improve the Li/Na-ion storage capability and will have a significant impact on the relevant fields.
Considering the limited conversion of 100 nm Ni-NNMO and the increased particle size of 5 mm Ni-NNMO, NNMOs derived from NP-Ni and 1 mm Ni appear particularly promising for usage as SIB cathodes.
In addition, this strategy is clearly more effective to achieve high-performance SIB electrodes as most layered Na-containing oxides suffer from the water insertion during aging in humid air 13 .
Therefore, achieving rapid Na + diffusion and reversible phase transition is great of importance and urgence by finding the optimal doping concentration for high performance sodium-ion batteries.
We obtained the initial structure of Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 from the inorganic crystal structure database 50 and we took the equivalent Na positions from the Na 4 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 cathode NASICON structure.
Thus, many researchers commit themselves to explore new abundant and low-cost alternatives to LIBs in the Earth such as sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) (2,4,5) and calcium-ion batteries (CIBs) (6,7).
The optimized hard carbon anode delivers a high reversible capacity of 388.8 mAh•g -1 at 0.05 A•g -1 , with excellent cycling stability (83.8% capacity retention after 800 cycles at 0.5 A•g -1 ).
Anatase phase TiO2 has a channel size suitable for sodium ion diffusion, stable structure, and excellent electrochemical performance, and can achieve reversible sodium ion embedding and removal .
It is believed that by partial substitution of titanium ions by trivalent ions in the structure of the NASICON phase, ionic conductivity would be enhanced due to the enhanced number of Li + ions.
As depicted in Fig. 7b, the precursor's XRD pattern reveals a distinct layered hydroxide structure, which, upon thermal treatment, transforms into an O3-type layered structure as seen in Fig. 7d.
Among such candidates, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a compelling option owing to the abundance of sodium resources, their lower cost, and electrochemical behavior similar to LIBs .
The above composite electrodes have higher apparent sodium-ion diffusion coefficients than that of the pristine one, indicating that the former has higher electrochemical activity during cycling.
The introduction of Na weakens the local electrostatic binding environment and increases the spacing between active sites, leading to lower diffusion energy barriers and enhanced Na-ion mobility.
Combining the materials analysis and electrochemical characterisation allows us to correlate the hard carbon structure with the different sodium storage processes occurring during cell discharge.
Usui et al. proposed Nb-doped rutile TiO2 as an anode for SIBs, where Nb-doping significantly boosts the Na-ion storage performance due to the enhanced conductivity and broadened ionic channels .
In addition, there have been few reports on further controlling the composition of the vA-NASICONs and improving their ionic conductivities through the introduction of the heterogeneous elements.
The ionic conductivity of the here-investigated NaSICON film annealed at 600 °C and post-treated at 200 °C is 3.6 9 10 -4 S cm -1 , and hence, it is close to the reported value by Lale `re et al.
This prevailing theory believes that solvated Na + cannot enter the nanopore due to the narrow pore entrance and the electrolyte merely decomposes on the surface of hard carbons to form SEIs 21 .
The sodium storage performances of the N1-N3 samples in aqueous electrolyte (1 M Na 2 SO 4 ) were investigated in three-electrode cells using Pt counter electrode and Ag/AgCl reference electrode.
Also, the Na 4 MnCr(PO 4 ) 3 , a sodium-rich cathode composed of transition metals that could deliver three sodium ion reactions with high redox voltages, exemplifies an effective cathode design.
This effect causes capacity fading and cycling stability of the cells, making it essential to understand and control this transition to enhance the long-term performance of sodium-ion batteries .
The optimal Mgdoped vA-NASICON showed a high ionic conductivity of 3.64×10 -3 S•cm -1 , which was almost 80% higher than that of the un-doped vA-NASICON, and had a high relative density of 96.6%.
Moreover, formed sodium-ion-based SEI is more soluble in electrolytes compared with the SEI in the LIBs, implying that the chemical stability of SEI is insufficient for long-term operations [25,.
A fundamental understanding of the hard carbon morphology and the sodium storage mechanisms is essential for efficiently designed hard carbon materials for high capacity and high-efficiency NIBs.
The synthesis of Na-ion LTMOs can be achieved through several different techniques, typically involving the mixing of TM source(s) and a sodium source, followed by a high-temperature calcination.
X-ray photoelectron spectra (XPS) demonstrate that no other heteroatom is found except a small number of O atoms (~5 at%) in hard carbon samples (Supplementary Fig. 4a and Supplementary Table 1).
According to Figure S3, except for P-O-Na model, the DOS of hard carbons around the Fermi level increase after phosphorus-functionalization, leading to the enhancement of electronic conductivity.
The scanning electron microscopy (SEM) image in the inset of Figure 2a, reveals that layered Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 samples consist of interconnected primary particles with a size of about 100-500 nm.
This study successfully synthesized hard carbon materials with abundant nano-sized closed pores through a synergistic strategy combining CO 2 etching and secondary high-temperature carbonization.
It is due to the absence of meso-porous and more compact stack of HTPC-B (/S)-160 sheets than that of HTPC-H-160, which are not favor for the transfer of Na-ion in the interlayer of hard carbons.
In addition, the observation of additional capacity after activation, at low working potential (below 0.2 V) could be related to the interfacial sodium-ion storage due to parasitic reactions 33 .
However, it should be noted that a substantial SIB share is projected towards the end of the forecast period and that SIBs have the highest energy consumption (kWh kWh cell ) for secondary cells.
Additionally, both the robust BC x matrix and stable PO 4 3À anions as buffers could accommodate the volumetric expansion during the sodium ion insertion, thus optimizing the cycling performance.
Among various alternatives, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered ideal candidates because of their abundant reserve, uniform and wide distribution, and a similar working mechanism to LIBs .
The utilization of F radicals generated by hydrothermal synthesis and plasma is also an effective route to produce F-doped carbonaceous SIB anodes by using an F-containing polymer as a precursor.
Our study shows that its maximum capacity reaches 751 mA h/g for Na-ion batteries or 250 mA h/g for K-ion batteries, and its diffusion barrier is only 0.027 eV for Na atom or 0.127 eV for K atom.
The characteristic change of the c lattice parameter within the solid solution regime can be rationalized with sodium ions shielding the repulsive forces of oxygen ions of neighboring MO 2 slabs.
Carbons with higher polystyrene amount exhibit higher reversible sodium storage capacity, but also suffer from a more pronounced capacity loss due to irreversible reactions in the first cycle(s).
This increased degradation in NaOH is likely due to specic interactions between Na + in the alkaline media and the highly mobile Na + ions as the active species in the NaSICON ceramic structure.
The RAHC Na[Ni 0.60 Co 0.05 Mn 0.35 ]O 2 /hard carbon full cell was tested in the voltage range of 1.5-3.9 V at various temperatures (15 mA g À 1 , 0.1 C-rate), as shown in Supplementary Fig. 12.
The relative reactivity of chloroaluminate species with NaSICON's constituent metal oxides was correlated based on thermodynamics, revealing that attack by stronger Lewis acids is more favorable.
N doping can tune the electron donor/acceptor properties of carbon and also enhance the sodium storage property by creating defects, providing more channels and active sites for Na + absorption .
Natural language processing (NLP) tools were applied to text-mine NASICON literature and identify the trends of the ionic conductivity evolution with respect to different compositional variables.
Our DFT calculation reveals that although Cs-ILT has the largest interlayer spacing, the diffusion energy of sodium ions jumping across Cs ions is the largest, which hampers sodium-ion diffusion.
In sharp contrast, the NaMNO 2 with the lowest entropy and least {010} active facet exhibits rapid capacity decay, which can only maintain a reversible capacity of 30.9 mAh g -1 after 500 cycles.
EPR lineshape simulation and temperature-dependent measurements help to separate the nature of the spins in mechanochemically modified hard carbon materials synthesised at different temperatures.
Herein, the possibility of using a common and widely spread algae, Chlorella vulgaris, as source for the synthesis of organic-derived HC as negative electrode in Na-ion batteries is demonstrated.
The practical application of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , a polyanionic cathode for sodium-ion batteries, is constrained by its poor electronic conductivity, limited specific capacity, and slow kinetics.
Electrochemical cycling experiments were carried out in ethylene carbonate (EC)/ethyl methyl carbonate (EMC) = 3:7 (v/v) for LIB tests and in EC/diethyl carbonate (DEC) = 1:1 (v/v) for SIB tests.
Prussian white (PW), Na 2 Fe [Fe(CN) 6 ], is a highly attractive cathode material for sustainable sodium-ion batteries due to its high theoretical capacity of ~170 mAhg -1 and low-cost synthesis.
Unfortunately, for alloying SIB anodes, there is little consensus on the mechanism of charge storage as the compact and sealed battery environment presents challenges in ex-situ characterization.
Additionally, thanks to the solvent co-intercalation mechanism, the NaPF 6 /DGM electrolyte notably improved the anode capacity by facilitating sodium storage within the highly graphitic regions.
The successful integration of this comprehensive database with advanced predictive modeling represents a paradigm shift in the expedited discovery of high-performance NASICON materials (Fig. 3b).
During SIB cycling, a high open porosity and specific surface area contributes to the decomposition of the electrolyte and by that also to the formation of the solid-electrolyte interphase (SEI).
In the O3 type, sodium ions are interconnected with transition metal ions in an edge-sharing manner, occupying octahedral sites, exhibiting a higher sodium content and increased initial capacity.
Current sodium agents are mostly polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with low reduction potential, which can readily result in excessive sodium insertion in the cathode with structural deterioration.
This work provides an original protocol for constructing 2D/2D material and demonstrates the FePS 3 @MXene composite as a potential anode material with excellent property for sodium-ion batteries.
The large discrepancies in discharge capacities between the rst and second cycles can be attributed to the electrolyte decomposition and the entrapment of Li and Na ions in the NASICON framework.
Transition metal hexacyanometalates frameworks derived from Fe 4 [Fe(CN) 6 ] 3 , commonly known as Prussian Blue or Prussian Blue Analogs (PBAs), have also been utilized and appear more promising.
Since the sodium insertion reaction occurs at the positive electrode during the discharge process, the sodium-ion concentration decreases in the electrolyte inside the NaCrO 2 composite electrode.
The obtained results suggested that the porous SiOC shell not only promoted Na-ion transport but also stored additional energy at high current densities through surface-based capacitive reactions.
The doping elements can be classified into three categories based on differences in the substitutional sites: sodium ion site substitution; vanadium ion site substitution; anion site substitution.
The enhanced contribution of the capacitive behavior at a high scan rate was attributable to the large specic surface area of the surface SiOC coating layer with fast Na-ion reactivity (Fig. 3e).
To obtain an understanding of the sodium storage mechanism in SiOCs, Dou et al. 30 and Chandra et al. 31 applied some ex situ characterization methods on electrodes cycled to different potentials.
The incorporation of carbon into organic materials solves the all inherent problems simultaneously .The recent progress has been found in the pitch based carbon anodes in the sodium ion batteries.
As mentioned earlier the rate capability can be an issue for hard carbon anodes in sodium-ion batteries. 21 This is partially an inherent consequence of the low operating potential of hard carbon.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have flourished in recent years, especially in low-tomedium-scale energy storage, offering a more sustainable alternative to meet the increasing energy storage demand .
Overall, the NASICON-structure proton conductor Li 1+x Cd x/2 Zr 2-x/2 (PO 4 ) 3 (x = 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2) material derived from CdZr 4 (-PO 4 ) 6 is synthesized and related to electrochemical devices.
Moreover, large area carbon membranes with low contact resistance are fabricated by simply stacking and carbonizing leaves, a promising strategy toward large-scale sodium ion battery developments.
Various redoxactive functional groups, such as carbonyl (C=O), imine (C=N), thioester (C=S), azo (N=N), and free radicals, have been designed into organic electrode materials to store sodium ions.
NaV 3 O 8 nanobelts were successfully synthesized for Li/Na-ion batteries and rechargeable aqueous zincion batteries (ZIBs) by a facile hydrothermal reaction and subsequent thermal transformation.
The evaluation of abbreviation detections in this study was primarily based on the matching of binary relation pairs between sodium layered cathode materials and their corresponding abbreviations.
The higher capacity of mFePA-HS can be attributed to the unique porous structure, which is beneficial to the sufficient contact with the electrolyte as well as the rapid transport of sodium ions .
Manganese-based oxide cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries have been extensively studied due to their abundant resources, low cost, high theoretical capacity, and environmental friendliness.
Rietveld refinement of the XRD patterns of single-phase materials confirms that Ca 2+ ions exhibit a strong thermodynamic preference for the 6b site in the NaSICON framework relative to Na + ions.
Two MnHCF materials with the same phase, similar particle size, but different [Fe (CN) 6 ] 4-vacancy content (4% and 11%) were synthesized and tested as cathode material in organic Na-ion battery.
This study focuses on developing a high-performance hard carbon anode material derived from hydroxymethylfurfural, produced from carbohydrates, using a straightforward thermal condensation method.
In summary, the capacity of hard carbon anodes is fundamentally underpinned by the synergistic integration of three distinct sodium storage mechanisms: adsorption, intercalation, and pore filling.
Such increase of hard carbon irreversible capacity with the pore volume was also observed in LIBs by Guerin et al. 25 In addition, the impact of the average pore size, L 0 , was investigated (Fig.
The study demonstrates valuable insights into mechanical deformations in NaCrO 2 electrodes during battery cycling, which is critical to engineer mechanically robust cathodes for Na-ion batteries.
However, PC solvents have difficulty forming stable SEI films on the hard carbon (HC) cathode surface, leading to continuous side reactions with the cathode and affecting the battery's cycle life.
The formation energies of the O C and 2O C V C defects are furthermore relatively low, which indicates that a high concentration of these defects in the hard carbon basal planes would be probable.
The NASICON structure consists of a skeletal array of atoms which are stabilised by electrons, donated by alkali ions partially occupying sites in a three-dimensionally linked interstitial space .
Through the probes, a constant current was supplied to generate an electric field that could be applied to specific regions across the NASICON surface to generate a potential difference (Fig. 1d).
However, a major hurdle to the commercialization of hard carbon anodes is the low initial Coulombic efficiency (ICE), which is much lower than the case of graphite anodes in Li-ion batteries 4,5 .
The excellent electrochemical performance is benecial to the excess reaction sites for sodium-ion storage provided by S-doping, and the short sodium-ion diffusion pathway of the porous structure.
The assembled hard carbon « Na metal and Na 2 V 3 O 7 « Na metal coin cells were subjected to charge-discharge tests at 25°C with HJ1001SD8 (Hokuto Denko) at current densities of 20-6000 mA g ¹1 .
We investigated the thermal reactivity of sodium plating on Ni substrate with 1 M NaPF 6 /organic carbonate electrolyte with and without FEC to evaluate the thermal safety of a sodium ion battery.
Achieving high energy density in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) is crucial for advancing their potential as a substitute for lithium-ion batteries, particularly in large-scale energy storage systems.
Specifically, HESSe exhibits a reversible specific capacity of 325 mAh g -1 after 10,000 cycles at a current density of 30 A g -1 when used as negative electrode material for sodium-ion batteries.
Hard carbon with different microstructures and physicochemical properties can be obtained based on the precursor used, and these properties have a direct impact on the electrochemical performance.
Then, the Nasicon paste was prepared by mixing the pulverized Nasicon powder (40 wt%), obtained by the planetary ball-mill process, and the screen-printing solution (60 wt%) using an agate mortar.
Carbon-based materials, such as hard carbon, having a capacity of ³400 mAh g ¹1 , are currently used as anode materials for SIBs; however, their application is limited based on their low capacity.
Therefore, the interface reconstruction layer effectively enhances the mechanical stability of layered oxides by reducing the Na-ion concentration gradient and promoting uniform phase transitions.
The cycling performance of a full cell was evaluated over 20 cycles at a 1C rate, using a configuration denoted as the hard carbon-CNT| PW-CNT for confirming its feasibility as a cathode for SIBs.
The HC structure is very complex, and several 2D 23,156 and 3D hard carbon models have been reported in the literature to describe it, as nicely detailed in the review of Passerini et al. 130 10).
Schematic illustration of the membrane fabrication process that utilizes the synergetic effect of asymmetric membrane and 2-D nanobelt for high capacity/performance sodium ion battery alloy anode.
The drawbacks of amorphous hard carbon are its low conductivity and structural instability, due to its large volume change and the occurrence of side reactions with the electrolyte during cycling.
In this work, we develop an effective model to investigate the Na insertion into HCs dependent on structural features of hard carbon and the energetic properties of different insertion mechanisms.
The dominant DOS peaks are located in the valence band region, with maximum values of 15.8 and 13.8 states/eV at binding energies of -1.42 eV and -0.63 eV for ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5, respectively.
Thus, a choline chloride and ethylene glycol DES mixture was successfully used for the synthesis of NaCoPO 4 nanomaterial, used as a cathode material for aqueous rechargeable sodium-ion batteries.
Currently, research on cathode materials for SIBs primarily focuses on three types of materials: layered transition metal oxides (TMOs) , Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) , and polyanionic compounds .
To understand the superiority of the rod-in-tube structured TiO 2 /C composite, the performance of TiO 2 /C HRTs, TiO 2 /C NRs, and TiO 2 /C NPs as anodes in sodium-ion batteries was investigated.
In GCPL studies, the cell TiO 2 /2MNa 2 SO 4 /NaCoPO 4 showed significant reversibility with a prominent discharge capacity of 85 mAh g -1 at 0.1 °C and 88% of capacity retention after 100 cycles.
While for case of doublelayer GY with AB stacking pattern, the optimized Na-intercalated double-layer GY is depicted in Fig. 2a, which responds to the maximum sodium storage conguration (NaC 4 ).
Since the characterization of small pores is nontrivial, we herein employ Kr, N 2 and CO 2 gas sorption porosimetry, as well as H 2 O vapor sorption porosimetry, to investigate eight hard carbons.
One drop of ionic liquid electrolyte (ILE) consisting of 10wt.% NaTFSI and 90 wt.% 1-butyl-1-methylpyrrolidinium bis(trifluoromethylsulfonyl) imide (P14TFSI) was placed on top of the sodium metal.
As the cathode of sodium ion battery, the specific capacity of 0.2 C was as high as 128.8 mA h g -1 , and the rate performance of 10 C was excellent, the value of which was up to 113.3 mA h g -1 .
However, carbon materials have diverse structures relied on the treatment conditions, resulting in differences in the properties of sodium storage and even the different sodium storage mechanisms.
By contrast, the CuMgTi-571 cathode exhibits less voltage fading during the cycling test in comparison with the NaMNO 2 cathode, indicating that the voltage fade issue in CuMgTi-571 is alleviated.
Dahn first introduced glucose-based hard carbon as anode materials into SIBs and found that hard carbon had a high specific capacity (300 mAh g -1 ) and an ideal sodium storage platform (~0.1 V) .
The compressed semicircles were divided into two parts, R f and R ct , which represent the migration resistance of sodium ions passing the SEI lm and the charge transfer resistance, respectively.
Here, we synthesize a NASICON-type tuneable Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 )/C nanocomposite which shows both excellent rate performance and outstanding cycling stability over more than 4400 cycles.
Moreover, closed pores are the less accessible sites in hard carbons, and their filling occur mainly for low diffusion rates, as measured by Galvanostatic Intermittent Titration Technique (GITT) .
However, when the spherical hard carbon proportion reaches 40% (HG4), the hard carbon particles are surplus, and some of the particles overflow the void to cover the surrounding graphite (Fig 3D).
As one kind of disorder carbon with larger layer spacing (0.35-0.38 nm) hard carbon has been widely studied. 24-35 Doeff 24 et al. showed the hard carbon can be a potential anode material in 1993.
The compound named Na0.67Mn0.7Zn0.15Mg0.15O2 (NMZMO) could lead to wider ion diffusion channels compared with the initial Na0.67MnO2 (NMO) and effectively increase the Na + diffusion coefficient .
In addition, the electrochemical influence of mixture anode is also studied, illustrating the mechanism of improving the fast charge performance of the spherical hard carbon/graphite anode system.
Rec.' in Fig. 2), and the hydrometallurgical treatment of the remaining black mass for recovery of cobalt, nickel, manganese salts and the anode active materials graphite and hard carbon ('Hydrom.
The higher thermal effect of sodiated hard carbon (610 J/g compared to 449 J/g for graphite) indicates greater energy release during thermal runaway (TR), increasing the risk of fire or explosion.
Furthermore, although Na 3 (VOPO 4 ) 2 F contracts by 2.2% upon extraction of two sodium ions by formula unit, additional sodium ion extraction and volume changes only occur at potentials 45 V vs.
The differences of effective U, Ueff =U-J, between the polymorphs are 0.26 eV (LiNiO2), 0.02 eV (NaCoO2), 0.38 eV (NaMnO2), and 0.32 eV (NiO2), which are all less than 0.5 eV as shown in Table S1.
The electrochemical performance of the prepared composite anodes for sodium-ion storage was initially evaluated using half-coin cells with metallic sodium foil as the counter/ reference electrode.
P2-type) has since been demonstrated by computational calculations. 22 The phase transformations upon cycling were characterised via synchrotron XRD and conrmed using rst principle calculations.
Alternatively, a larger mean Na ionic potential, achieved by increasing Na content, increased the shielding of the electrostatic repulsion between the TMO 2 slabs, promoting the O3-type structure.
For this purpose, impedance spectra of a hard carbon-like anode material are recorded at a broad range of different states of sodiation/desodiation and subsequently analyzed with the DRT approach.
Moreover, surface coatings have been shown to improve the stability of layered oxides in high voltage regions which facilitates the extraction of sodium ions and therefore the attainable capacity.
Polyanionic sodium cathode materials exhibit promising electrochemical properties and high stability, making this chemical space worth exploring to enhance the performance of sodium-ion batteries.
In layered structures, intercalation and de-intercalation of sodium ions severely degrade the interface because of the larger ionic radius of the sodium ion compared with that of the lithium ion .
The self-standing electrodes were assembled into 2032coin cells (316 L, Canrd) with one piece of glass fiber (GF/B, Whatman) as the separator, and sodium metal (99.8%, Sigma-Aldrich) as the anode.
Reversible transition metal migration on the other hand may help to stabilise the charged state structure of sodium layered oxides and deliver additional capacity, alongside anionic redox activity.
As reported, doped graphite with enlarged layer distances (more than 0.37 nm) has been proposed as a rational solution, to more easily accommodate sodium ions between the parallel graphene sheets .
It should be noted that the pristine P2-type structure is unstable with a sodium content >0.7; a phase transformation is expected when incorporating evaporated sodium into the material's structure.
The high specific capacity can be attributed to the high SA BET and uniform microporous structure of the TPEHBZ-ThBS CMP framework, which provides numerous active sites for lithium/ sodium storage.
Interestingly, Ilic et al. report that for a commercial hard carbon, the plateau capacity is progressively decreased after ball-milling, i. e. after the conversion of closed pores into open pores .
In all pristine P2-NMFTO electrodes, a small TM-oxide signal corresponding to the layered oxide (labeled as P2) is observed, along with more intense signals corresponding to Na 2 CO 3 and NaCO 3 R.
Carbon-based anodes, particularly hard carbon, are optimized via microstructural engineering, such as controlled closed pore creation and heteroatom doping to enhance Na + storage kinetics and ICE.
The calculated lattice parameters in Table S1 † correspond well with the results from a previous report. 17 On the whole the XRD data conrm the synthesis of phase pure NASICON Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 .
Among them, the black phosphorus exhibits an outstanding sodium storage capacity (> 2,000 mAh g -1 ), which is considered to be highly suitable for the development of anodes for high-capacity SIBs.
Recently, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have received extensive attention as a promising potential alternative to LIBs owing to the inherent richness and widespread distribution of sodium resources .
The improved electrochemical performance of PN-CFs can be attributed to the rich porous structure derived by the incorporation of Zn-MOF-74 and nitrogen doping to promote sodium ion transportation.
Due to the abundance of sodium and the comparable working principle to lithium-ion technology, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are of high interest as sustainable electochemical energy storage devices.
The twisted carbon layer structure of hard carbon increases the repulsive forces between the graphitized carbon layers, leading to a larger layer spacing (~0.38 nm) compared to graphite (0.335 nm).
Distinct from CuMgTi-571, the reflection of charged NaMNO 2 first shifts to a lower angle upon heating, and then moves to a higher angle when the heating temperature reached above 222 °C (Fig. 8b).
We believe that pairing this "empty" NASICON anode with suitable Na-ion cathodes and/or solid electrolytes (which can also be NASICON-based) can enable building high energy density Naion batteries.
Combining heteroatom doping with pore structure regulation can further rene the structure of hard carbon, and is widely regarded as an effective strategy to improve its sodium storage performance.
Nevertheless, the larger Na-ion radius may result in not only the larger volume change of battery materials, but also some possible discrepancies in behaviours between Na and Li analogue materials.
A 2032 coin type cell consisting of the cathode and a sodium metal anode separated by glass fiber was fabricated in an Ar-filled glove box and aged for 12 h before the electrochemical measurements.
After running for 500 cycles at specific current of 0.5 and 1 A g -1 , the capacity retentions of hard carbon||NNCFM full cell are 79.4% and 79.0%, respectively (Fig. 6c and Supplementary Fig. 28).
The sodiation additive boosted the capacity retention of hard carbon||P2-Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 Ti 1/3 O 2 full cell from 63% to 85% (200 cycles) and the energy density from 129.2 to 172.6 Wh kg -1 .
The development of Na-rich P2-type oxides can partially relieve this problem , but critical limitations of Na content in P2 oxides persist, and it could sacrifice the air stability of P2 compounds.
When used as an anode for Na-ion batteries, switchgrass carbonized at 2050 °C resulted in an evidently improved Coulombic efficiency (from 42 to 64%) compared to the specimen carbonized at 1000 °C.
Sodium ion batteries have been expected as the most competitive alternative due to their abundance recourse in the earth crust, low price, and similar chemical properties to lithium ion batteries .
Liu et al. reported that large layer spacing (0.40 nm) amorphous carbon nanotubes with B, N heteroatomic active sites showed excellent sodium ion diffusion kinetics and capacitor storage behavior .
The XPS measurements were performed on the silicon nitride/oxycarbide -hard carbon composite materials in powder form and also on the composite electrodes after full discharge in sodium half cells.
Owing to the abundance of raw material reserves and low cost, Na-ion batteries (NIBs) have successfully gained widespread attention from academic and industrial communities in the past few decades.
The NaSICON-100 electrolyte only appeared to wet over a fraction of the pellet surface, while the SnNaSICONSn-100 electrolyte appeared to have been wetted across the majority of the pellet surface.
Copyright 2016, John Wiley and Sons). (G) Schematic illustration of the structural changes for P2-type NFMO and P2/O3 biphasic NLFMTO after long-term cycling (Reproduced with permission from Ref. .
It is important to stress that while Figure 3d shows only a fraction of the entire cross-section, minimal Na penetration was found throughout the entire cross-section of the SnNaSICONSn-100 pellet.
In general, the TiO 2 -G hybrid reported in this work demonstrates better sodium storage performance than most state-of-the-art TiO 2 -based anode materials for SIBs reported so far (see Table S1).
These characteristics make them suitable for creating sodium-ion battery materials with high efficiency, low cost, and excellent cycling performance, making them a research hotspot in recent years.
To confirm that the high rate performance resulted from the hard carbon electrodes, we conducted an AC impedance measurement for hard carbon « hard carbon symmetric cells with various electrolytes.
Therefore, different cathode materials including layered transition metal oxides, 6,7 Prussian blue analogues (PBAs), 8,9 and polyanionic compounds 10,11 have been heavily researched and developed.
This same phenomenon likely began in the SnNaSICONSn-1000 cell, leading to current densities higher than 1000 mA cm -2 and a corresponding higher overpotential that decreased as more shorts formed.
Two parameter variations were analyzed: the impact of applying HC-optimized resulting in higher energy density and the impact of aqueous cathode processing. 4.2.1 Cradle-to-gate CF of SIB cells vs.
The enhancement in initial charge-discharge capacity of NCNO-0.05 is closely associated with the reversible insertion and extraction of sodium ions, as evidenced by the higher Coulombic efficiency.
Carlier et al. reported Na 3 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 4 as the cathode material in sodium ion batteries; however, the electrochemical performance of the layered Na 3 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 4 compound was not attractive.
We present a synergistic strategy combining CO 2 etching with hightemperature carbonization to systematically elucidate the evolution of closed pores and their influence on sodium storage behavior.
By modification of pre-and post-pyrolysis temperatures we obtained hard carbons with low surface areas, optimal carbonization degree and high electrochemical Na + storage capacity in SIB halfcells.
This in turn is an evidence that the sodium insertion and extraction reaction of ZMO/NG nanocomposite anode takes place much readily and attributes to the excellent reversibility behaviour in SIBs.
At the beginning of the 1 st discharge, NaOH is formed electrochemically through reacting with O 2 /H 2 O from the ambient air at the triple phase boundary of Nasicon, Ni metal, and air (Eq. ( 2)).
Whilst the charge storage mechanisms of hard carbon have been extensively studied, their characterisation is notoriously challenging and a fundamental understanding of this process remains elusive.
We first demonstrated that intercalation pseudocapacitance dominates the charge storage process in the G-TiO 2 SIB anode, which contributes to the excellent rate capability and long-term stability.
The unavailability of extraction of the fourth sodium ion is because, in all the cases, the M 3+ /M 4+ is expected at higher voltage, which may fall beyond the stability window of the electrolyte .
Huang et al. developed an aqueous rechargeable SIB using flower-like K 0.27 MnO 2 as the cathode and NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NTP) as the anode, exhibiting remarkable specific capacity and rate capacity .
The Mn 2p spectra of MnF 2 8# in Fig. 9C show the negative shi in the fully charged/discharged states and the presence of Mn, indicating a typical conversion reaction between the MnF 2 and Na-ion.
Thus, the apparent diffusion coefficients of Na + ions (D Na+ ) at various stages can be obtained, shown in Fig. 4g, based on the reported Warburg impedance method (in the supporting information) .
Therefore, the structural properties of hard carbons derived from mangrove wood that had been preheated for different durations were investigated by XRD and adsorption/desorption isotherm analyses.
This report outlines a new direction for conversion anode research in sodium-ion batteries by putting forward an alternative current collector with low resistivity and inertness to metal sulphides.
A capacity retention of 81% is obtained even after 500 Na-ion (de)insertion cycles, and the Coulombic efficiency over the whole-cycling process is ~98%, which is suitable for practical application.
Since Ketjen Black is a low-cost and commercially available material, our results suggest that Ketjen Black might be a promising conductor for the alloying anodes such as P in sodium-ion batteries.
The evidence leans toward SIB anodes, especially hard carbon and titanium-based options, offering better intrinsic thermal stability due to lower reactivity and volume changes under thermal stress.
However, the application of commercially available Prussian blue is limited by its poor electronic conductivity as well as the structural defect induced by crystalline/interstitial water molecules.
In addition to the 3881 NASICON structures, all the competing phases in the relevant chemical spaces that are given in The Materials Project 74 were also calculated to construct the phase diagrams.
Present investigations on sodium anode materials mostly focus on so called hard carbon, also known as nongraphitizable carbon, which can deliver a volumetric energy density of about 300 mA h g À1 .
The energy density of sodium-ion batteries is predicted to be lower than that of lithium-ion batteries due to the lower discharge voltage and lower specific capacity of cathode and anode materials.
New technologies based on sodium (Na), calcium (Ca), zinc (Zn), or aluminium (Al) ions present many challenges, but among them, Na-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered one of the most promising 16 .
Electrochemical cell tests were performed after assembling R2032 coin-type cells using Na metal or hard carbon as the negative electrode separated by the cellulose-PAN-Al 2 O 3 composite separator.
Heteroatom doping, which has long been considered as one of the most efficient approaches to significantly enhance the sodium storage ability of carbonaceous anodes, has drawn increasing attention.
Control over the initial particle size, composition of green body polymorphism, and the presence of sintering aid impact the composition and transport properties of NASICON type solid electrolytes.
A general guideline to suppress Na + /vacancy ordering in P2-type cathode materials is postulated and evaluated against various P2-type sodium transition metal oxides and reports in the literature.
To investigate the influence of the spherical hard carbon/graphite powder system on the rate performance, the LIBs were charged and discharged under different current densities, as shown in Fig 5 .
In the initial stage, the inside of the SnO 2 @C@Sb 2 O 3 electrode is difficult to be wetted by the electrolyte, but the outer shell is more likely to come into contact with sodium ions and react.
The results show that at low concentrations (less than 0.6), the intercalation energy decreases with the increase of Na concentration because the effective interaction of sodium ions is attractive.
The hard carbon | |Na 0.72 Ni 0.32 Mn 0.68 O 2 full cell with high specific energy of 191.7 Wh kg -1 (based on the total active-material mass) delivers long lifespan of 2000 cycles at 500 mA g -1 .
To study how the anisotropic surfaces affect the SIB performance, carbonized leaf was reversed as the electrode, where the upper surface faces to Na metal and back surface as the current collector.
Recently, the authors reported the synthesis and electrochemical properties of impurity-free NASICON NaFe 2 (PO 4 )(SO 4 ) 2 , showing good electrochemical activity with an average voltage of ~3 V.
The hard carbon electrodes were charged in advance to 0.01 V after one cycle in half cells, then recovered under Ar atmonsphere, and reused to assemble the symmetric cell with the same electrolytes.
These include questions about the mechanics in the diffusion of sodium ions through the SEI layer and into crystal structure, as well as the interaction of the electrolyte with the active particles.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a promising candidate due to their similar working mechanisms to LIBs, yet they hold the potential for more cost-effective and sustainable energy storage.
A more stable barrier layer is expected to form upon sodium insertion in reduced graphene oxide (RGO), which prevents further oxidation and leads to a better stability compared to lithium insertion.
In recent years, MOF materials have become an expected precursor for SIB electrode materials due to their excellent modification ability, regular polyhedron morphology, and simple synthesis methods.
This operando technique combines both electrochemistry and chemical analysis and is demonstrated on a solid-state sodium-ion battery (SSIB) using a sodium metal|NASICON anode interface model system.
PW is inexpensive to prepare, consists of abundant elements, has a high theoretical sodium storage capacity (170.8 mAh/g for two sodium-ions extracted per formula unit), and a high voltage (3.2 V) .
The results reveal that both ZrCr2, and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5 possess characteristics suitable for hybrid energy storage systems, with enhanced diffusion and capacitance performance in the alloyed structure.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) operating in aqueous electrolyte are an emerging technology that promises to be safer, cheaper, more sustainable and more efficient than their lithium-based counterparts.
Therefore, the strong Na binding energy, low electrode potential, and high stability aer Na intercalation indicate that the -COOH group is optimum for functionalizing rGO in SIB anode applications.
This paper references a large number of studies on sodium-ion batteries, aiming to analyze and summarize the research issues related to SIBs and the impact of their development on societal progress.
In SIBs, the SEI primarily forms on the hard carbon (HC) anode and includes sodium ethylene dicarbonate (SEDC), which decomposes between 100-130°C, contributing to initial self-heating around 145°C.
Therefore, it is not difficult to conclude that the charging and discharging process of SIBs is intrinsically a process of embedding and removing sodium ions between the cathode and anode materials.
Through in situ and ex situ characterization studies, it was demonstrated that the excellent sodium-ion storage capacity results from the adsorption on the surface and filling in closed pores of HC.
It has a unique structure that prevents interaction with H 3 O + , which is useful as a cathode or anode for non-aqueous and aqueous sodium-ion batteries (Whitacre et al., 2010;Hosono et al., 2012).
Recently, biomass-based hard carbon has garnered significant interest because of their renewability, environmental friendliness, and excellent electrochemical properties as anode materials for SIBs.
While in situ electron microscopy has not been used in the field of studying the growth of Na-ion LTMOs, it has been used to investigate the thermal dynamics of the oxide materials during annealing.
The largescale production and implementation of composite cathode materials have been successfully achieved and subsequently applied in practical pouch cells with non-presodiated hard carbon anodes.
Tsai et al. . through an ab initio study found that not only interlayer distance but also the concentration of vacancy defects (MV: mono-vacancy and DV: divacancy) improve the Na+ ion intercalation.
In the current study, we conducted initial work on the synthesis and fabrication of NaSICON solid electrolyte films via the PAD method followed by electrical characterizations of the produced films.
Furthermore, the aging duration would result in varying depths of electrolyte diffusion in hard carbons, which can be detected via X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) with depth etching function.
Interestingly, the Raman spectra of hard carbons fully aged in the 1 M electrolyte show a larger blue shift and higher peak intensity than the 2 M electrolyte, which is close to the saturated state.
In this study, we investigated the improvement in ionic conductivities of von-Alpen-type NASICON (vA-NASICON) ceramic electrolytes by introducing a magnesium ion (Mg 2+ ) as a heterogeneous element.
For example, coating the P2-Na 0.67 Ni 0.33 Mn 0.67 O 2 layered oxide stabilizes the interface, while facilitating the migration of sodium ions at the surface. 214 3.4.4 Conductive polymer coatings.
Molecular dynamics studies of the local nanostructure associated with a series of carbonate-based sodium electrolytes at the NVP and NVPF interfaces were conducted with an analysis of de-solvation .
In contrast, the structure of the bare NiSe 2 nanofibers with dense structure was broken into The first-ever investigation of NiSe 2 materials for use in Na-ion batteries was conducted in this work.
Moreover, to assess their sodium storage capacities, we have identified five possible adsorption sites for Na atom on both FeS 2 and FeS 2 QD models and calculated the Na adsorption energy using Eq.
The fluorophosphate NaVPO 4 F (NVPF) is a good candidate of cathode material for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) due to its high theoretical specific capacity, high working voltage and stable structure.
Galvanostatic cycling tests were carried out with a current of 100 mA g -1 in the potential range of 0.02-2.5 V for Na-ion and 300 mA g -1 in the potential range of 0.02-2.0 V for Li-ion half-cells.
The 3D reconstruction suggests that through the bulk of the NASICON solid electrolyte, sodium creates transport columns directly under where the electric field is strongest (underside of the probe).
The sodium-ion diffusion coefficients, estimated using both galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) and cyclic voltammetry are found to lie within the range of 10 -9 to 10 -11 cm 2 /s.
Furthermore, it is clear that the diffusion barrier for Path I is still lower than that for the others, indicating that the Na-ions prefer to diffuse between the C sites, passing through the B site.
This work provides new methods to preserve the structural integrity in oxygen redox active sodium layered oxides which can achieve high energy densities and show enhanced oxygen redox reversibility.
P2-type sodium layered oxide cathode (Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2, P2-NNMO) has attracted great attention as a promising cathode material for sodium ion batteries because of its high specific capacity.
Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) analysis was carried out using a Nicolet-5700 from Spectrum to identify chemical bond types and functional groups present in the Prussian blue analogs.
As there was no significant difference between the conductivities of NASICON and the PE, this resistance was considered to include the bulk and grain-boundary resistances of both NASICON and the PE.
In conclusion, NNFM appears to be a promising candidate for fabricating mixed cathodes for all-solidstate sodium-ion battery as it can be co-sintered together with most promising NASICON type NZSiP.
Therefore, the reported Na storage performance of birnessite varies widely in literature, and clear guidance on the structural design of birnessite for aqueous sodium-ion batteries is still lacking.
Freshly assembled cells were subjected to the following protocol at controlled T = 25 °C: 3 cycles between 2.5 to 0.005 V at 30 mA g -1 (here, the mass is the amount of hard carbon active material).
The improved electrochemical performances of CoFe 2 O 4 can be due to Na-ion-pathway shortening, wherein the homogeneity and small size of CoFe 2 O 4 particles may enhance the Na-ion transportation.
However, the sodium deficiency in the P2 type structure leads to significant reduction of the delivered capacity when a sodium-free anode material, such as hard carbon, is used in a full-cell setup.
The selection of precursor and reaction conditions is an effective way to control the content and morphology of doped N and to directly regulate the physical and chemical properties of hard carbons.
A series of HC materials derived from five biopolymers was synthesized, and their physicochemical properties were determined and correlated with the electrochemical performance in Na-ion half cells.
These results provide indirect evidence of the participation of oxygen in the charge compensation mechanism beyond 3.8 V for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2, giving rise to a long plateau above this voltage.
For instance, using hard carbon and graphite with the same specific surface area, the ICE of hard carbons in Na-ion batteries is significantly inferior to graphite anodes in Li-ion batteries 11,12 .
The superior rate performance at all current densities in the wide voltage range demonstrates the electrochemical stability of the NMVTP/C cathode, which most SIB electrode materials do not exhibit.
The limited oxygen redox based solely on the substituted Mg for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 is extended for Oxygen-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 by a further decoupled mechanism based on transition metal vacancies.
Based on the energy capacity (1 kW h of storage capacity), and with an assumed cycle life of 2000 cycles, the assessed SIB shows promising results already at the lower end of those of existing LIBs.
We hypothesize that the presence of the conductive phase along with a high surface area amorphous phase in the microparticles could potentially accommodate a large volume change upon sodium storage.
On the other hand, the advantage of sodium ion batteries is low cost, so the preferential elements choice for cathode materials should be low cost, high abundance and easy access, such as Fe and Mn.
By adopting nanostructure engineering, much improvement of sodium storage properties was realised with MnO 2 anode by the development of new structures such as MnO 2 nanorods and nanoflowers 11,12 .
The observed increase in ionic conductivity in the synthesized ion-doped NASICON materials is particularly significant, as it indicates enhanced charge carrier mobility within the lattice structure.
Several materials, including transition metal oxides 4,5 , organic compounds 6,7 , polyanionic compounds 8,9 , and Prussian blue analogs 10 have been investigated as Na-ion host positive electrodes.
For graphite anodes in SIBs, limited sodium storage capacity and sodium plating risks during fast charging heighten thermal instability, with SEI decomposition below 100 °C intensifying heat release.
The density of states (DOS) of Na0.55 and Na1 were obtained by density-functional theory (DFT) calculations to investigate the role of high R-values on the electronic structural features (Fig. 1h,i).
This is clear evidence that the Sn-coated NaSICON cell cannot handle 1000 mA cm -2 (for 2.3 Ah cm -2 ) and we can conclude that the true current density lies somewhere between 500 and 1000 mA cm -2 .
Indeed, from Figure 2c and Table S1, the d-spacing values of these five samples are close to each other, further supporting that the plateau capacity of P-functionalized hard carbons is not dominant.
Indeed, the ordered arrangement was indicated in the GA optimization at x = 1, where all the Na5 sites were vacant, while the rest of the nanotube-fringe sites (Na2-Na4) were occupied by sodium ions.
In this study, we showed for the rst time that a PIL-based electrolyte can be used with a polyanionic SIB cathode material, NVP, showing improved electrochemical performance in comparison with AILs.
However, the overpotential in the NaSICON-1h cell then slowly decays to a plateau, whereas the overpotential in the NaSICON-23h cell arcs to a nearly identical plateau, as determined by the R1 value.
The way sodium interacts with hard carbon is mainly divided into three ways, namely adsorption at the surface active site, filling similar adsorption nanopore and embedding appropriate layer spacing.
The voltammetric analysis not only validates the reduced discharge voltage of oxygen redox but also suggests an additional novel mechanism of oxygen redox exclusively found in Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2.
As a promising alternative, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted significant attention due to their similar electrochemical behavior and the abundant availability of sodium-based raw materials.
However, due to the deintercalation process of sodium ions, the layered metal oxide is prone to structural changes or phase transformations, resulting in the degradation of battery cycle performance.
This variability originates from compositional flexibility possible for all Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) and is exasperated by the difficulty of accurately quantifying the specific composition of PW.
The site occupancy of substituted Ti in the crystal structure is clearly demonstrated on an atomic scale and the sodium storage mechanism is revealed by multiple advanced characterization techniques.
Overall, this work provides fundamental understanding of new fluorine-free sodium-ion conducting electrolytes in general, and HCEs in particular, and this for systems with high oxidation stabilities.
Faraday processes store charge through redox reactions that occur within the active electrode material, which constrains fast charging due to the need for sodium ions to migrate into the bulk phase .
To comprehensively examine the sodium storage and transport mechanisms of FeS 2 QD/MXene composite, the ex situ XRD patterns during the first cycle of charging/discharging cycle are shown in Fig. 5a.
According to the above discussions, tt-NMO material could be a promising SIB cathode, and this study creates a new opportunity to design the cathode material through engineering structural chemistry.
Sodium insertion properties of V 2 O 5 have been firstly investigated in the late 80s' by West et al. 6 at 80°C with a solid electrolyte and Pereira-Ramos et al. 7 at 150°C in molten dimethylsulfone.
The sodium metal anode, with potential of Na + /Na -2.71V, hold great promise in the application of medium-to large-scale energy storage because the natural abundance and low cost of sodium reserves.
Cobalt Prussian blue analogues (Co-PBA; Na x Co[Fe(CN) 6 ] y ), consisting of cyano-bridged transition metal network, -Fe-CN-Co-NC-Fe-, are promising cathode materials for Na-ion secondary batteries.
To investigate the catalytic effects on the sodium storage performance of MoS 2 , MoS 2 /C-SAV, MoS 2 /C-SAFe, and MoS 2 /C-SANi were used as anode materials and sodium-ion half-cells were assembled.
It's widely believed that Fe is the only active site in CuHCF, but there're still literature reports that both Cu and Fe can be electroactive in both aqueous Mg-ion and organic Na-ion batteries [46,.
Based on previous work in our lab , a series of PBAs: CuHCF, MnHCF, Ni/CoNP, have been studied in organic Li-ion and Na-ion batteries, and their structure changes and reaction mechanism were studied.
This is contradictory to conventional observations of O3-type cathode materials, [11a] as well as the de-sodiation behavior of the Na-ion exchanged LiNi1/3Co1/3Mn1/3O2 (NMC333) cathode (Figure S6-7).
For this reason, the performance of the layered transition metal oxide cathodes for sodium-ion batteries can be enhanced by doping different transition metal elements even with different proportions.
Sodium carbonate's electrochemical reactions in Nasicon SE-based Naair cells are substantially activated and improved through a thermodynamic reaction pathway during the charging/discharging process.
The presence of multiple NaSICON phases upon discharge and the apparent capacity limitation indicates that the charge-storage mechanism for Ca 2+ ions may be different from that of a pure Na-NaSICON.
Unlike the aforementioned synthesis techniques, extensive research has been conducted with the coprecipitation method in both the Li-ion and Na-ion systems toward controlling the particle morphology.
Third, the organic materials have flexible structures and can accommodate large number of sodium ions reversibly without spatial problems and develop the reaction kinetics of insertion or extraction.
In addition, this kind of material has a low charging and discharging voltage platform in sodium-ion batteries, so its application in the field of negative electrodes has received a lot of attention.
Later, Zhang et al. 106 studied the effect of surface amorphous vanadium oxide conformally decorated over layered V 2 C MXene (a-VO x /V 2 C) to boost sodium insertion and de-insertion reversibility.
Coupled with suitable electrochemical and thermal stability windows, these results demonstrate the potential applications of percyano Hückel-type anions in all-solid, sodium-ion battery electrolytes.
Furthermore, the increased chemical reactivity and larger surface area of the 1T phase improve its interaction with the electrolyte and sodium ions, resulting in enhanced electrochemical performance.
Due to the discussed advantages of P2-type materials, we selected phase pure P2-Na 2/3 Mn 3/4 Ni 1/4 O 2 material for the following closer look on the synthesis process and in-depth characterization.
It can lead to the assumption that, for HC-X-600-1500, excessive curvature of graphene sheets, stemming from rapid heating in the crucial low-temperature region, is not beneficial for sodium storage.
Since the activation energy for lithium ion conduction in the NASICON structures is lower than that of the corresponding glasses , the more the crystallized NASICON phase the higher the conductivity.
Compared with DLM@ LE, the dendrite growth of sodium metal on PLM@LE was inhibited to a greater extent because the sodium dendrite did not grow conveniently in the PLM interstitial space (Fig. 5d,e).
Moreover, its alloy with Na in replacement of Cr atoms (ZrNa 0.5 Cr 1.5 ) has been structured in order to prove Na-ion battery applicability and supercapacitance behavior as a hybrid energy material.
A direct correlation between QENS and XRD results, providing a detailed understanding of the sodium ion diffusion mechanism and elucidating migration pathways, will be presented later in Chapter 3.5.
For the sodium metal cell experiments, 23 Na NMR spectra were acquired separately at two resonance frequencies: one for Na + ions in the electrolyte (0 ppm) and the other for the Na metal (1131 ppm).
Despite the promise of O3-type sodium oxygen anionic redox cathodes as high-capacity materials, their development has been severely hindered by a lack of understanding regarding synthetic mechanisms.
P2-type layered oxides on the other hand exhibit two different prismatic sodium-ion environments, either sharing faces (denoted as Na f ) or sharing edges (Na e ) with the transition metal octahedra.
Following the synthesis of NASICON materials, several phosphate-related compositions are produced by partially substituting tetravalent cations with trivalent , tetravalent , and pentavalent cations.
The tunnel phase effectively accelerates sodium-ion diffusion and exhibits remarkable structural stability, while the layered P2 phase significantly contributes to achieving a high specific capacity.
Recently, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been considered as a promising energy storage technology for largescale power grid energy storage due to the high natural abundance and low cost of sodium .
Among the MOFs, Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) exhibit the advantage of rich-C, simple synthesis, and easy mass production at room temperature by a facile wet chemistry method in aqueous base 19,20 .
NASICON-structure Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 (NZSP) represents a promising SSE candidate due to its superior ionic conductivity, wide electrochemical stability window, and excellent chemical compatibility.
We then fabricated a Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 )//Hard carbon full cell with the loading mass ratio of 1.8:1 for capacity balance according to the individual specific capacities of the electrodes.
Characterization of CuHCF via SEM and powder XRD show a poorly faceted, nanoparticulate (100-200 nm) morphology with the phase-pure Prussian blue structure (a 0 = 10.15 Å) (Supplementary Fig. s 2,3).
In addition, we found that this material is stable in air, even after exposure for three months, and Fe-based full SIB configurations are demonstrated using Fe 3 O 4 nanospheres/hard carbon as anode.
Coal samples of different ranks were investigated through various compositional, morphological/ structural, and textural experiments prior to their electrochemical implementation in na-ion halfcells.
In order to investigate the influence of the structural features on the sodium storage performance of the PS-HCs, galvanostatic charge-discharge measurements with a lower voltage limit of 0.002 V vs.
Na + /Na) and accounts for the most significant contribution to the energy density of the sodium-storage mechanism. 7 This stage involves the diffusion of sodium ions, particularly to the micropores.
As shown in Fig. 9A andB, the survey scans display the presence of Mn, F, O, Na, C and O species, indicating the reactions between MnF 2 or Mn-O-F electrodes and Na-ion and the formation of SEI lms.
Additionally, the HR-TEM image of a representative nanocube (Figure 3D) implies that the interplanar spacing is ca. 0.365 nm, in good agreement with the plane of NASICON-type phase (Ye et al., 2017).
Figure 1a shows the charge-discharge curves, and Fig. 1b shows the Nyquist plots of an all-solid-state cell with a hard carbon-Na 3 PS 4 composite electrode (Na-Sn/Na 3 PS 4 /hard carbon-Na 3 PS 4 ).
Furthermore, our Fe-doped NASICON (Na 3.2 Zr 1.8 Fe 0.2 Si 2 PO 12 ) demonstrated higher ionic conductivity, measuring 1.68 × 10 -4 S/cm, compared to the previously reported value of 1 × 10 -7 S/cm .
Despite no significant changes in the microstructure of the hard carbons, pronounced differences in their electrochemical signature can be resolved at working potentials above, but also below 0 V vs.
Efficient recycling is also important for minimizing environmental impacts for all cell chemistries, though much more for LIB and for the nickel, cobalt, or vanadium containing SIB (NaNMC and NaMVP).
A detailed comparative analysis between lithium-ion and sodium-ion battery technologies is conducted, evaluating how nanotechnology can bridge the gap in performance, cost, and resource availability.
Compared with lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are more desirable in terms of cost and availability, which makes it more competitive in the eld of largescale energy storage.
We demonstrate the suitability of the approach by studying Na 1+x M 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 (with M = Zr 4+ , Hf 4+ , Sn 4+ and 0 # x # 3) as example compositions for multi-element NaSICON-type conductors.
In this work, we have systematically studied the theoretical capacity and sodium ion diffusion barrier in layered bulk transition metal compounds named MX 2 (M = Ti, V, Cr, Mn and Fe; X = C, N and O).
Although Prussian blue compounds have a lot of advantages, there are some problems such as poor magnification performance, unstable circulation, and low coulomb efficiency (≤90%) in practical studies.
Correction for 'Resolving the degradation pathways of the O3-type layered oxide cathode surface through the nano-scale aluminum oxide coating for high-energy density sodium-ion batteries' by Jang-Yeon
For this purpose, we herein summarize the current mainstream research views on the K + storage mechanism, list the common hard carbon anodes and discuss the effects of various modification techniques.
The resulting hard carbon was ground into powder (ø < 90 mm), washed with a 2 mol dm -3 HCl solution for 2 hours at room temperature, and then rinsed with distilled water until achieving a neutral pH.
In Fig. 1a, where Na-ion content > threshold (T Na + ) and vacancy content < threshold (T vacancy ) in chloride frameworks, Na-ion hopping is hindered due to the limited number of available vacancies.
However, their capacity-fading issues related to low electrical conductivity and drastic volume changes during electrochemical cycling have generally limited their application to sodium ion batteries.
The K Na 2x Fe 1.5 Nb 0.5 (PO 4 ) 3 (0 ≤ x ≤ 1) solid solutions were studied to find the boundaries of existence of the NASICON and langbeinite structural types and to determine the mixing energetics.
Electrodes were composed of 63.75% metal phosphide NCs, 21.25% CB and 15% CMC. 1 M NaClO 4 in PC with 10% FEC served as the electrolyte for Na-ion and 1 M LiPF 6 in EC:DMC (1:1) for Li-ion half-cells.
These values indicate that charge storage in both the LIB and SIB involves a combination of diffusion and capacitive-controlled mechanisms, where the diffusive mode serves as the foremost contributor.
Moreover, the mechanisms governing the sodium ion insertion/extraction processes within MoS 2 electrodes in glyme electrolytes are elucidated to provide insights into the enhanced battery performance.
These findings highlight the TaS 2 /GeC heterostructure as a promising anode candidate for next-generation sodium-ion batteries with high capacity, structural stability and efficient charge transport.
However, biomassderived hard carbon is susceptible to various sources and batches of precursors, so that it is hard to guarantee conformance in the framework of hard carbon generated on a large scale.
Specifically, the U bare s of TM-d ion for MnO2, CoO2, and NiO2 is 22.2, 24.7, and 26.1 eV, which are about 4, 2, and 2% percent larger than those of Li/NaMnO2, Li/NaCoO2, and Li/NaNiO2, respectively.
To further explore the relationship between the microstructure and sodium-ion storage performance, ACGC x (x = 750, 900, 1050, and 1200) samples were prepared under various carbonization temperatures.
Then, we deposited thick films from the powders on different substrates, characterized the films and investigated the effects of post-heat-treatment processes on the conductivity of NaSICON PAD films.
A couple of broad redox peaks that appeared below 1.5 V suggest that the reversible reaction of Ti 3+/ Ti 4+ takes place during sodium insertion/extraction into/out of the crystal structure of TiO 2 .
Based on the outcomes from XRD and Raman spectroscopy, it can be concluded that the carbonization temperature effectively reduces the interlayer spacing, thereby facilitating sodium-ion intercalation.
The densities of the pellets were measured in deionized (DI) water using Archimedes method, and their relative densities was calculated based on the theoretical density of the NASICON (3.27 g•cm -3 ).
On the one hand, with the continuous extraction of Na, the O3-type cathode materials undergo a suite of complex multilevel phase transition involving different stacking sequences of the oxide layers .
Several analysis methods showed that the cation-anion interaction is considerably stronger in sodium-ion electrolytes, enables better clustering of ions and, more importantly, close Na-F interactions.
These findings provide insight into the future design and development of hard carbons for NIBs, to achieve materials with optimised interlayer spacings, open diffusion channels, defects, and porosity.
When compared to P1-CuS, P2-CuS has a bigger void in the crystal structure and offers a suitable channel for sodium-ion migration, which reflects promptly from the GCD analysis with a higher capacity.
The Na-ion migration path was identified based on the isosurface of the Na site energy, whereas the minimum energy required to connect a migration path was calculated for the migration energy barrier.
However, graphite (the standard anode material in LIB technology) is unsuitable for sodium-ion storage; identifying suitable alternative materials is, therefore, of interest to the research community.
For the Na-ion full-cells, the cathode was assembled by mixing 96 wt% commercial Na 2 Fe(SO 4 ) 2 , 2 wt% acetylene black, and 2 wt% poly(vinylidene fluoride) (PVDF) as binder coated on aluminum foil.
Herein, we report a P2-layered lithium dual-site substituted Na0.7Li0.03[Mg0.15Li0.07Mn0.75]O2 (NMLMO) cathode material, in which Li ions occupy both transition-metal (TM) and alkali-metal (AM) sites.
At present, researchers focus on the study of structure-activity relationship and energy storage mechanism, aiming to obtain universal rules and guide the real commercialization of hard carbon anodes.
The electrical conductivity of the as-deposited NaSICON films was determined by two-wire electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) on IDE samples from room temperature up to 600 °C in 100 °C steps.
As a very important branch of PIB anode materials, hard carbon materials have been developed rapidly in recent years due to their prominent electrochemical performance and potential economic benefits.
Sb nanobelt asymmetric membranes demonstrate improved cyclability and specific capacity as the alloy anode of sodium ion battery compared to Sb nanobelt thin films without asymmetric porous structure.
The following discussion will be on the binary system of active transition metals in the NASICON framework, which holds importance and potential for bridging the gap for the commercialization of SIBs.
The half-cells achieved discharge capacities of 408, 224, 184, 131, and 56 mAh g À1 for the LIB and 262, 114, 75, 53, and 23 mAh g À1 for the SIB at 0.1C, 0.2C, 0.3C, 0.5C, and 1C rates, respectively.
With the widening of voltage range, the P2-type Na x TMO 2 is susceptible to phase transition (P2-O2/PO4) or irreversible oxygen redox, leading to drastic volume change and poor structural stability .
To explore the theoretical maximum capacity of sodium storage on borophene, the sodium adsorptions on borophene at different concentrations were investigated by gradually loading sodium atoms on them.
However, when Mg 2+ was introduced in excess, an undesired secondary phase of Na x Mg y PO 4 with poor ionic conductivity formed, causing the ionic conductivity of the Mg-doped vA-NASICON to decrease.
Figure 1c shows the charge-discharge curves, and Fig. 1d shows the Nyquist plots of an all-solid-state cell with a hard carbon-Na 3 BS 3 composite electrode (Na-Sn/Na 3 PS 4 / hard carbon-Na 3 BS 3 ).
Among these materials, graphene is the most attractive anode material for sodium ion batteries due to its extraordinary electric conductivity, high surface area, and remarkable mechanical flexibility.
To further illustrate the reaction mechanism of the SCs for Na-ion storage, ex situ XPS profiles of SC-800 in different charge/discharge states for the initial cycle were obtained, as shown in Fig. 6.
In addition, the hybrid NC@SnO 2 could deliver a discharge capacity of 750 mAh g -1 after 100 cycles at 1 A g -1 for Li-ion battery and 270 mAh g -1 after 100 cycles at 100 mA g -1 for Na-ion battery.
The increasing interest in Na-ion batteries is based on their lower projected cost relative to Li-ion batteries and hence are more economically viable for the large-scale storage of electrical energy.
Understanding the fundamental way materials respond to localized strains at the atomic length is a critical first step in the development of highly reversible, long cycle life, Na-ion insertion hosts.
Sodium-ion batteries arouse great attention, because of their high safety, good capacity in both high and low-temperature environments, along with their abundant sodium resources in the earth's crust.
The electrochemical performance of the NVPF 3-2y O 2y (y = 0, 0.5, 1) compounds was tested by galvanostatic charge-discharge measurements in a coin-type half-cell conguration with sodium metal anode.
The characteristic PXRD pattern of a disordered hard carbon shows two broad peaks at around 2y-231, and 431 (shifted to a lower 2y as compared to graphite) indexed to the crystallographic planes and .
In this work, we apply our bond valence site energy modelling method to further the understanding of rate capabilities of a wide range of potential insertion-type sodium-ion battery cathode materials.
The observed peak evolution indicates a biphasic reaction mechanism during the Na + insertion stage where pristine KTiOPO 4 and NaKM structures coexist, which matches the above sodium storage behavior.
The electrochemical testing (galvanostatic charge-discharge and GITT) of sodium-ion half-cells were performed at 30 °C using LAND battery testing system (CT2001A, Wuhan, China) in 2025-type coin cells.
This work introduces significant innovations in sodium-ion battery cathode materials through the integration of an intergrown biphasic heterostructure of polyanion and layered oxide for the first time.
The electrochemical properties and Na-ion storage of the uniquely structured FeSe x -rGO composite powders were compared with Fe 2 O 3 -rGO composite powders with similar morphological characteristics.
The generated cracks also affect sodium ions diffusion paths as highlighted by GITT results which do not highlight substantial changes in terms of kinetics of ions diffusion upon prolonged drying time.
The evolution of the ''Z''-phase on charging progresses through a staging process where Na + is removed from P2-type layers to form vacant O-type Na layers randomly distributed within the P2 structure.
However, owing to the decahedron-like morphology of DLM, the structure of DLM collapsed and broke obviously under the same pressure, leading to the increase in sodium ion transport barrier in DLM (Fig.
In summary, the sodium storage mechanism of HC samples made from OP differs depending on the carbonization temperature, highlighting the adsorption, intercalation, and pore-lling mechanisms (Fig. 11).
This removes the resistances observed from the sodium metal anode in a two electrode configuration 32 and enables the full sodiation of the hard carbon, which is not possible in a cathode limited cell.
Additionally, the NASICON compounds are chemically stable in not only air but also seawater; therefore, they have been adopted as core materials for ceramic electrolytes/ separators of secondary SWBs .
Electrodes were provided by LiFeSiZE AB®, using commercial Prussian white powder Fennac produced by Altris AB® (12 mg cm -2 ) and hard carbon (7 mg cm -2 ), with an N/P ratio of 1.1 for the full cells.
Using cathode specific subsets of this dataset to train ML models, we demonstrate that we can create ML interatomic potentials that reproduces the DFT results of the polyanion sodium cathode materials.
Specific current densities were applied across the surface of the NASICON to cause sodiation, resulting in the nucleation of sodium metal at the surfaceforming operando sodium metal|NASICON interfaces.
The formation of highly passivating SEI on the hard carbon electrode suppressed additional Na-ion and electron leakages owing to additional electrolyte decomposition, which improved cycle performances.
The intercalated Li ion in the Na-ion layer serves as pillar for the transition metal layer during cycling, which suppresses the oxygen release and the lattice collapse from the structural instability.
The relatively large ionic radius of the Na ion is one of the primary reasons for the slow diffusion of Na ions compared to that of Li ions in de/intercalation processes in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
The sodium ion diffusion coefficient DNa+ can be calculated by the Randles-Sevcik equation: i p =2.69×10 5 n the intrinsic concentration of Na + (c=0.001 mol cm -3 ), and n the potential scanning rate.
Moreover, since it has been suggested in literature that lithium bis(oxalato)borate can passivate aluminum; 17 it is reasonable to assume that NaBOB would have a similar effect in a sodium-ion battery.
This study sheds light on the advantages of material structural design and can inspire the development of more advanced electrode materials for the application of high-performance sodium-ion batteries.
S3, Tables S2 andS3 †), conrming that crystallographic features of NASICON phases inherit those of NZSP and NZAS 2.35 P in our previous study. 8 The amount of ZrO 2 in these samples was typically ∼5%.
For example, Dahbi et al. 24 synthesized hard carbon from argan shells and evaluated the influence of HCl acid washing pre-treatment on inorganic impurities (i.e., alkali metals and transition metals).
In this way, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are the promising candidates since sodium resources are rich with the technology analogous to LIBs and can be made available at a low cost (Hwang et al., 2017).
This project is among the pioneering works that incorporate machine learning (ML) modeling into the development of biomass-derived sodium-ion battery anodes for sustainable energy storage technologies.
The obtained low-surface-area hard carbon greatly improves the first-cycle Coulombic efficiency from 74% to 83% and delivers a very stable cyclic life with 95% of capacity retention after 2 200 cycles.
The Z' axis offset is over double the resistance expected for NaSICON, implying poor surface contact between the molten Na and the NaSICON, as would be expected based on the contact angle measurements.
Given the substantial differences in their diffraction patterns, the electrochemical performance of ordered and disordered Na(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2 as cathodes in Na-ion batteries were separately investigated.
To reveal the high cyclic and rate capability of FePS 3 @ MXene electrode, the sodium storage mechanism was studied by analyzing CV profiles at diversity scan speeds from 0.1 to 1.5 mV s -1 in Fig. 6a.
After more than 50 years of research, sodium ions cannot be embedded in graphite layers to a large extent due to their large radius but can be reversibly embedded in some soft or hard carbon materials.
However, when the concentration of Na goes beyond 0.6, the effective interaction of sodium ions becomes repulsive, and the intercalation energy increases with Na concentrations; as is shown in Fig. 5a.
Most of the P2-type oxide cathodes show low lattice strain in a confined voltage range under 4.2 V, which is due to the mitigation of the gliding of TMO2 slabs by the retained Na ions in the AM layers.
Na-ion batteries are found to be promising under environmental aspects, showing, per kWh of storage capacity, environmental impacts at the lower end of the range published for current Li-ion batteries.
The bismuth NSs demonstrated outstanding sodium storage performance, exhibiting remarkable stability over 3000 cycles and kept a specic capacity of 409.7 mA h g -1 at a current density of 0.5 A g -1 .
In general, sodium cathodes with a similar structure to their lithium analogues have shown lower operating potentials compared to their lithium counterparts, indicating the reduction of energy density.
Research is needed to design and test protective layers or strategies that reduce reactivity and dendrite growth while ensuring thermal stability, making sodium metal anodes safer for SIB applications.
We expect that these results will advance understanding of the effect of dopants in Mn-rich cathode materials with oxygen redox activity to pave their way towards high-performance sodium-ion batteries.
After this process, the Epoxy-NASICON composite electrolyte sample has a slight brown color under the influence of the polymer and can be reduced to 300 μm thickness by polishing, as shown in Figure 2.
In order to study the influence of the hard carbon/graphite system on the cycle ability, the LIBs were carried out the cycle tests at 1C under 25˚C, the voltage window was 3-4.5V, and cut off at 0.05C.
The SAED pattern obtained along the zone axis of an individual particle reveals diffraction spots characteristic of an O3-type structure, indicating high crystallinity and singlecrystal properties 22 .
This strategy provides a novel idea for the facile preparation of anode materials for high-performance sodium-ion batteries through the synergistic effect of pore remodeling and temperature regulation.
Developing efficient anode materials with low electrode voltage, high specific capacity and superior rate capability is urgently required on the road to commercially viable sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
VC with a ∼2-10 nm average diameter was prepared and homogeneously grown on N, P-doped carbon nanosheet scaffolds that shorten the Na-ion diffusion, resulting in excellent storage performance for SIBs.
However, the inability to reversibly extract large amounts of sodium ions from these layered structures, by charging to high voltages, has limited the useful capacity and cycle life of these materials.
In the chemical method, the HC electrode was in direct contact with a slice of sodium metal for 30 minutes in the presence of an electrolyte and was denoted as cHC (chemically presodiated hard carbon).
Much of the current literature does not even refer to the particle size of the raw precursors, which is a material characteristic which could be fundamentally important for the optimisation of NASICON.
In addition, the fact that MoS 2 /Gr-COOH demonstrates a lower voltage than MoS 2 /Gr-OH indicates that the -COOH group is a better t as a functional group for rGO to be used as an SIB anode material.
Therefore, a holistic approach optimizing both electrolyte interphase properties and electrode design is essential to achieve robust and efficient sodium-ion battery operation under subzero conditions.
This implies that even with significantly reduced interfacial resistance, imperfections and flaws in the coating or NaSICON can lead to fast, defect-driven failure at current densities > 500 mA cm -2 .
However, its industrial application faces some key problems such as irreversible structural phase change and crystal defects, but it is still a very promising cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
Among these, selenides stand out for offering larger interlayer distances and superior conductivity than their oxide and sulfide counterparts, making them particularly suitable for LT-SIB applications.
Benefiting from these structural and compositional features, the composites showed excellent sodium storage performance with a high reversible capacity of 630 mA h g -1 at 100 mA g -1 after 120 cycles.
These findings and the absence of huge polarization indicate the sodium ions diffusion is favored in the case of smaller active material particles and is not drastically impacted in this current range.
After electrochemical tests, the NaSICON pellets are fractured in a homemade bending device to expose regions weakened by dendrite formation for ex situ scanning electron microscope (SEM) observations.
Since the pore size of hard carbon is the key factor affecting the desolvation process 45,46 , a graphene ring with a diameter of 4 Å was applied for simplifying simulations and calculations (Fig. 2e).
In this work, the high applied current densities likely led to similar mass transport limitations, particularly through the interfacial NaSn layer, which has a lower conductivity than the bulk NaSICON.
Working electrode materials were prepared by mixing hard carbon powder, prepared according to a previous publication, 14 with polyvinylidene uoride (PVDF, Alfa Aesar) binder in a mass ratio of 90 : 10.
The authors 292 suggested that defects are essential to initiate sodium insertion and that the obtained capacity in the sloping region depends on the defect concentration with a maximum amount of NaC24.
Prussian blue analogs, nally, have intermediate properties between those of the previous two in terms of energy density and stability but have the great advantage of having much lower production costs.
Cao et al. concluded that if hard carbon has abundant pseudo-graphitic nanodomains, intercalation is the main driving force in the plateau, and pore filling occurs at the end of discharge (Figure 31.e).
Electrochemical characterization was carried out in the halfcells using sodium metal (Acros, 99.8%) as a counter electrode and 1.55 mm glass bre as a separator EL-Cell GmbH in the 2032-type coin cells.
Although the comprehensive performance of hard carbon is quite eminent, the capacity contribution potential of hard carbon materials is mainly at 0~0.1 V, which is close to the sodium plating potential.
In this work, we demonstrate the stable cycling of a TiS 2 /t-Na 3-x PS 4-x Cl x /Na ss-SIB at room temperature, with a capacity of about 80 mAh g -1 at a rate of C/10 over 10 cycles for the first time.
This offset, related to the series resistance of the cell, is dominated by the NaSICON separator, but also includes the tungsten current collector, Na metal, and any bulk Sn-like coating on the NaSICON.
We found that Ni 2+ substitution plays a critical role in the ionic character of transition metal-oxygen bonds, which increases the interlayer separation and thus improves sodium-ion diffusion kinetics.
We explored and compared the electrochemical performance of the two calcium vanadate nanowire samples (CVO-450 and CVO-550) as SIB anodes to evaluate the potential of CaV 4 O 9 as an electrode material.
From precursors to active materials, different strategies have been adapted to synthesize hard carbons depending on the precursor type and the desired final structure, morphology, and surface chemistry.
This behavior points to the existence of an additional transition stage in the sodium storage mechanism, dividing the entire plateau region into two distinct phases: an early plateau and a late plateau.
SAXS patterns of fully sodiated hard carbon samples were collected from the fabricated pouch cells with a metallic sodium reference and counter electrode, which were eventually discharged to 0.01 V (vs.
The anode and separator were respectively made up of fresh sodium metal (Aladdin, 99.7%, ~0.5 mm in thickness, 14 mm in diameter) and glass fiber (Whatman, GF/D, 16 mm in diameter, 675 μm in thickness).
It appears also a hysteresis loop which is not closed for all the isotherms, assuming that the gases have difficulties to desorb the material due to the expected tortuosity of the pores in hard carbons.
Despite its early discovery, the electrochemical activity of NASICON in Na-based batteries had not been demonstrated till the mid-1980s with the pioneering work of Delmas et al. 36 on NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 .
The shrinkage of the lattice parameter "c" here is consistent with reports relating to Ca-doped P2-type cathodes. 29,30 For reports relating to O3-type cathodes, the outcomes are a bit more complicated.
Overall, this study demonstrates that designing phosphoryl layeredcolumnar materials provides an effective approach for developing high-performance positive electrode materials for sodium ion batteries.
The gradual decrease in the diffusion coefficient reflects the It is worth noting that material modifications such as heteroatom doping and electrolyte composition can influence sodium storage behavior.
In practical applications, hard carbon materials are considered promising anodes owing to their wide range of sources, remarkable economic benefits, environmental friendliness and excellent performance.
The O3-P3 phase transition is inevitable and necessary for O3-type cathodes in order to acquire better Na + conductivity, while the P2-O2 phase transition is commonly harmful and needs to be suppressed.
However, the hard carbon anode suffers from low initial Coulombic efficiency (ICE), and the ambiguous Na-ion (Na + ) storage mechanism and interfacial chemistry fail to give a reasonable interpretation.
Consequently, an outstanding energy density (281 Wh (kg-positive electrode) -1 ) was achieved for conventional bulk all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries without sintering or electrode coating treatment.
In 2011, Ceder et al. revisited the monoclinic α-NaMnO 2 , it delivers 185 mAh g -1 of reversible capacity at 0.1 C rate in the voltage range of 2.0-3.8 V, corresponding to 0.8 mol Na intercalated back.
To validate the general applicability of CO 2 etching for enhancing sodium storage performance across diverse carbon sources, we extended this strategy to cellulose-and glucose-derived precursors (Figs.
Most of this advancement has been Edisonian in nature, because efforts to attribute features of the sodiation profile to hard carbon's structure have not fully appreciated the subtlety of its structure.
Electrochemical properties of O3-type Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 as bipolar material are characterized by cyclic voltammetry (CV) and galvanostatic charge-discharge or discharge-charge test in the half cells vs.
In this model, nickel and titanium ions are accommodated in the octahedral sites of TMO2 layer (3a sites, TM = Ni and Ti), while sodium ions are located in the octahedral sites of NaO2 layer (3b sites).
However, the explosive development of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) in recent years has driven a revival in ether-based electrolytes, due to their superior rate capability and low temperature suitability.
It is worth pointing out that there are some weak reflections around 2θ = 20° in the XRD pattern based on the C2/m model, which is different from the diffraction peaks resulting from O3-type structure .
This work demonstrates that synergistic effects in integrated cathodes can drive the development of advanced cathode materials for high-energy-density, fast-charging, and long-life sodium-ion batteries.
When paired with a hard carbon anode, the resulting Na 4 VP‖HC full cell exhibits a high energy density of 251 W h kg -1 , which is 58% higher than that of 159 W h kg -1 for the Na 3 VP‖HC control cell.
The rate performance showed a sudden drop in the capacity after 0.2 C due to the rapid fading of PRC (Fig. 6c), suggesting poor Na-ion adsorption-desorption kinetics in the nanopores at lower potential.
Aer the synthetic reaction, it clearly shows the disappearance of O-H bend bond from the raw material, which has resulted from the sodium insertion into the molecule to form the disodium terephthalate.
The effect of the differences in the microstructure and morphology of the MFC-C and CS-C hard carbons on their electrochemical performance was examined by testing MFC-C and CS-C anodes in Na half cells.
Thus, PS-HC-2, which has more macropores and smaller sodium transport domains, exhibits the highest value of plating capacity at high current densities due to faster filling of all sodium storage sites.
Herein, via first-principles calculations we demonstrate strain-engineered Li/Na adsorption and storage in 2D MoS 2 as anode material, aiming to enhance the operating performance of Li/Na-ion batteries.
The MO 6 octahedron and PO 4 tetrahedron generate the diffusion channel of sodium ion in the direction of through the co-vertex oxygen atoms, thus showing the electrochemical activity of sodium storage.
Herein, we design a fully recyclable rechargeable sodium ion battery with bipolar electrode structure using Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 as an electrode material and aluminum foil as the shared current collector.
Specically, the intrinsic metallic properties and distinctive geometric structures of MXenes have inspired numerous researchers to investigate their potential as anodes for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
Our insights provide a foundation for the design of high-performance carbon materials by focusing on key structural and processing factors, contributing to advancements in sodium-ion battery technology.
Correction for 'Engineering tin phosphides@carbon yolk-shell nanocube structures as a highly stable anode material for sodium-ion batteries' by Lianbo Ma et al., In the description "As presented in Fig.
This straightforward and scalable approach is promising for addressing current challenges, advancing SIB technologies, and enhancing eld emission applications with improved performance characteristics.
A facile generic template-free strategy is employed to prepare hierarchical hollow hybrid Fe 2 O 3 @MIL-101(Fe)/C materials derived from metal-organic frameworks as anode materials for Na-ion batteries.
Compared with conventional hard carbon or red phosphorous anodes, FMS anodes can display ultrahigh-rate capability (≥20 A g -1 ) in ether-based electrolyte, holding a great promise in SIBs (Scheme 1b) .
The superior performance is attributed to the improved kinetics in the presence of the well-engineered interface, which facilitates fast electron transport to achieve timely Na-ion insertion/extraction.
However, Fe will inevitably migrate from the transition metal layer to the sodium layer during the charge-discharge process, which will impede the sodium ion transport and lead to capacity degradation .
Therefore, correctly discerning the structural identity of the ''Z''-phase is a key step forward in the development of Earth-abundant, high capacity P2-NaMO 2 materials as cathodes for Na-ion batteries.
Prussian blue analogues are also promising as they have seen commercial implementation in standard sodium ion batteries due to their low-cost and long cycle life (Wang T. et al., 2018;Lyu et al., 2019).
The high Coulombic efficiency emphasises that, in principle, the studied phosphorus-carbon composites may be highly reversible sodium anodes if the deciencies in their cyclic performance are addressed.
Figure 9 shows the CO 2 adsorption/desorption isotherms and the corresponding pore size distributions obtained using NLDFT (non localized density functional theory) methods on our prepared hard carbons.
The most promising CAMs regarding energy density are the Ni-based layered oxides O3-ZNMT and O3-NFM111/424, which exceed the volumetric energy density of LFP by 24-37%. 2.1.2 SIB anode active materials.
Copyright 2018, Royal Society of Chemistry). displays exceptional performance, achieving a high specific discharge capacity of 219 mAh g -1 at 0.1 C and a sodium storage capacity of 117 mAh g -1 at 5 C.
Due to the large radius of sodium ions, anode materials with large interlayer spacing, such as hard carbon and alloy oxides, are generally chosen to ensure a high operating voltage for the full battery.
In the thermodynamic model, the Na metal was replaced (Fig. 2) with an NVT ensemble with a fixed number of neutral Na-atoms distributed in a reservoir (outer zone) and the hard carbon (HC) (see Fig. 3).
The excellent sodium storage performance might be strongly related to the symmetric character of the full cell, which serves to suppress the volume expansion during Na þ reversible insertion/extraction.
Benefitting from the 1D hollow structure, the YS-CoP@NPC electrode exhibits an excellent cycling stability with a reversibly capacity of 211.5 mA h g -1 at 2 A g -1 after 1000 cycles for sodium storage.
Finally, correlations between chemical shis and the electrochemical behavior were established, providing a comprehensive new insight into the hard carbon pore lling and degradation mechanisms of SIBs.
These extraordinary results are the outcome of the robust structure having the corner sharing VO 6 octahedra and P 2 O 7 units, which form large tunnels that act as 3D pathways for sodium ion diffusion.
Overall, this study lays a solid foundation for understanding SIB behavior and mechanisms under mechanical abuse and provides valuable guidance for designing safer next-generation sustainable batteries.
Figure 1e shows the initial charge-discharge curves of all-solid-state cells with a hard carbon composite electrode using Na 3 PS 4 and Na 3 BS 3 and a liquid-type cell with a hard carbon-PVdF electrode.
Recently, a variety of cathode materials have been investigated for SIBs, for instance, Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (ref. 9), P2-Na x VO 2 (ref. 10), olivine-type sodium metal phosphates 11 and Prussian blue 12 .
In this work, variation of the synthesis parameters and material design strategy have been dedicated to achieving the optimized antimony/MXene hybrid electrodes for high-performance sodium-ion batteries.
Therefore, the corresponding capacity contribution from CityU-26 was about 315 mA h g -1 at 150 mA g -1 , much higher than that of super P, indicating that CityU-26 played a vital role in sodium storage.
The Bragg-Williams (BW) approach was previously applied to sodium insertion into a hard carbon synthesised at a single temperature. 30 We apply the methodology here for a range of different hard carbons.
Various nanostructuring, C-matrix addition, and other bimetallic and multimetallic alloys and hybrids have been extensively searched for improved performances of Sb 2 S 3 -based materials as SIB anodes .
The aim should be to achieve maximum capacity at different C-rates for either a high energy density or fast charging anode by fine-tuning the hard carbon microstructure for specific battery applications.
In addition, due to the growing importance of Na-ion battery research as a promising low-cost alternative to LIBs, we also report for the rst time results for the use of Mo 2 TiC 2 in Na-ion half-cells.
Recently, we introduced the concept of a ladder mechanism to describe how sodium ions inside a PBA crystal structure diffuse by climbing the frames formed by aligned cyanide groups in the host structure.
A-SnS 2 @G delivers much higher D Na+ than SnS 2 /G throughout the whole sodiation/desodiation process, especially at the Na + insertion stage during discharge process and dealloying stage upon charging.
In summary, the hierarchically formed columnar structured spheres show that an O3-type layer compound can deliver high capacity, good retention and rate capability and thermal stability at the same time.
For HC-1250 °C, the diffusion contribution is dominant (88-96%), suggesting that the intercalation of sodium ions into the carbon structure is primarily responsible for controlling the storage mechanism.
To enhance LT sodium-ion kinetics, researchers have explored compositing alloy-based anode materials with carbon matrices to address poor electrical conductivity and severe volume changes during cycling.
No peaks were observed in the hard carbon and silicon nitride composites other than the usual two broad reflections from hard carbon (Fig. 2a), indicating that the silicon-nitride component is amorphous.
The coin cells were constructed using hard carbon working electrodes of 16 mm diameter against sodium metal (Sigma Aldrich) disks of 16 mm diameter, which were use as the counter and reference electrode.
Further increase in the conformal lm thickness does not improve the total specic capacity and diffusion-controlled sodium storage but slightly enhances the rate-capability compared to the pristine LSC.
Note that, the battery must be tightly sealed to prevent the volatilization of electrolytes from affecting the solvation structure of the electrolyte in hard carbons during the long-term resting process.
Among the numerous identified oxides of potential interest, Na 0.44 MnO 2 with a tunnel structure is particularly attractive because of its unique large tunnels suitable for sodium insertion/extraction .
It focuses on three representative cathode materials for SIBs, namely layered transition metal oxides, polyanionic compounds, and Prussian blue analogs [2,, and discusses their current research progress.
Because the enhancement of capacity in the sloping region facilitated rapid sodium storage, the phosphorized hard carbon exhibited a superior rate performance (Fig. 3c andd) in comparison to pristine-HC.
Compared with the reference commercial hard carbon (HC), all calcined anthracite samples exhibited an obvious peak at about 26°, corresponding to the diffraction of the lattice of the graphite structure.
Simultaneously, the coexistence of highly porous amorphous regions plays a critical role by enabling enhanced sodium-ion diffusivity, which signicantly improves the high-rate capability of the material.
During 4.05-4.3 V, the average D Na+ of CuMgTi-571 is ~10 times higher than that for NaMNO 2 , suggesting the kinetics of anionic redox is greatly improved in the entropy and crystal-facet tuned cathode.
The lower activation energy obtained at temperatures below 90 °C and lower cost of the precursor materials can make this NASICON phosphate as a promising candidate for future energy storage applications.
Prussian blue materials containing only Fe metal ions undergo single-point redox reactions. 42 In recent years, the stability of the PBA structure has been improved by doping other transition metal ions.
One big challenge to apply the HE concepts in NASICONs lies in how to select suitable metal dopant elements and to constrain their concentration and the design principal needs to be elaborately proposed.
S3, † displayed a highly disordered composite and showed no diffraction spots in the dispersed diffraction rings, further proving that the microparticles had the characteristics of amorphous hard carbon.
To enhance the concentration of sodium ions, Prussian blue analogues can also be fabricated by establishing a sodium-abundant environment, thereby augmenting the specific capacity of the Li-ion battery .
Hard carbon, obtained at high temperatures (1,600 • C), exhibits a high reversible capacity of 330 mAh/g at a rate of 0.1C in the range of 0-2.5 V (Lu et al., 2018;Wang et al., 2018b;Zhao et al., 2018b).
Notably, during spontaneous activation, additional Na-ion insertion is required for the phase transition from V 2 O 3 to NaV 2 O 3 , resulting in lower Coulombic efficiency during the activation process.
The superior rate performance of LF-1300C is attributed to its partially graphitized structure, which enhances Na+ intercalation efficiency and electrical conductivity compared to the amorphous CF-1300C.
As advanced electrode materials for sodium ion batteries, Prussian blue and its derivatives have attracted considerable attention due to their low cost, structural stability and facile synthesis process.
Using these insights, we have identified four new PBA compositions, Na 2 CoMn(CN) 6 , Na 2 NiMn(CN) 6 , Na 2 CuMn(CN) 6 , and Na 2 ZnMn(CN) 6 , that show great promise as aqueous Na-ion battery cathodes.
In comparison, the representative layered oxides, NaMnO 2 , P2-Na 0.7 CoO 2 , O3-NaCoO 2 and NaNiO 2 , show only an intercalation reaction for the three different solvents (Supplementary Figs. 51525354).
This study provides an alternative proposal for the design of advanced Na-ion halide SEs, optimizing both conductivity and (electro)chemical stability, thus promoting the durability and safety of ASSIBs.
Moreover, it is clear that the performance of the sodium-ion battery based on the TaS 2 /GeC heterostructure can also be evaluated via the theoretical capacity and the average open circuit voltage (OCV).
The transition-state structures and activation barriers for Na-ion diffusion were calculated using the climbing image nudged elastic band (CI-NEB) method 49 with seven images along the migration pathway.
The use of NVPF with a NASICON structure as cathode material offers high operating potential and structural stability that has attracted significant research activity in SIB development and applications.
Since for grid energy storage a large amount of installed absolute capacity (rather than specific capacity) is required and LIB cells are still expensive, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) become interesting .
Hard carbons are promising negative electrode materials for Na-ion batteries (SIBs), and the process of (de) insertion of Na + ions into/from hard carbons has attracted much attention in recent research.
LFP's olivine structure and Na3V2(PO4)2F's fluorinated NASICON (sodium super ion conductors) framework provide strong chemical bonds that resist decomposition, making them safer for battery applications.
We annealed hard carbon at high temperatures, with the aim that the resulting increased size of turbostratic nanodomains would increase the capacity under the sloping region of the discharge profile 15 .
It is found that the D Na+ values range between 10 -9 and 10 -8 cm 2 /s, ca. 8.3 × 10 -10 cm 2 /s for the NiS 2 -based conversion reaction and 7.4 × 10 -9 cm 2 /s for the GC-based intercalation reaction.
As summarized in Table S3, the as-prepared P2-Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 shows a higher reversible capacity and energy density compared with most of Na layered oxide cathode materials reported previously.
The introduction of different elements can affect the electrochemical properties differently; however, it is not clear whether the introduced metallic elements participate in the sodium storage reaction.
These multi-dimensional structure aspects could influence the pyrolysis and carbonization of lignocellulose so that the structure and electrochemical performances of hard carbon could also be influenced.
Infinite sodium amounts could be exploited from the ocean, which makes Na-ion batteries (NIBs) a good cost-performance alternative for large-scale grid storage applications with low environmental impact.
We first characterize the electrochemical property (Fig. 2) and clarify the cycling mechanism (Fig. 3) of the cubic MnHCMn as a Na-ion battery anode through half-cell tests with SHE reference electrodes.
Crystal water easily occupies the sodium storage sites and sodium ion deintercalation channels in the crystal, resulting in the sodium ion content is reduced and the sodium ion migration rate is reduced.
The choice of lignin-hard carbon was informed by a thorough literature review, which identified this material as a promising candidate due to its natural abundance and potential to form porous structures.
Compared with the positive electrode material, the research progress of negative electrode materials and industrialization for sodium-ion batteries are evidently slow, resulting in a relatively high cost.
Notably, the potential platforms of the MnF 2 8#-E electrode are obviously lower than that of the MnF 2 8# electrode for Na-ion storage, implying the superiority of the charge storage of the Mn-O-F anode.
The excellent sodium storage properties in terms of cycling stability and rate capability can be ascribed to the synergistic effects of the morphology size, structural stability and chemical compositions.
One widely studied promising candidate is the sodium-ion battery (SIB), because Na is very cheap, highly abundant, and easily accessible, supporting a green and economic chemistry for battery production .
Further the deposition of thick SEI was observed with background electrolyte than that of LiPF 6 -added electrolyte due to the vulnerable SEI deposition on hard carbon surface from background electrolyte.
Finally, we identified four new PBA compositions, Na 2 CoMn(CN) 6 , Na 2 NiMn(CN) 6 , Na 2 CuMn(CN) 6 , and Na 2 ZnMn(CN) 6 , that show great promise as cathodes for aqueous rechargeable Na-ion batteries.
It is expected that sodium-ion batteries will achieve mass production, with the industry crossing the "GW-level shipment" threshold this year, and effective production capacity will further break through.
For cell assembly, the required instruments include a vacuum glove box (Shanghai Mikrona, Supere), a sodium-ion battery sealer (Shenzhen Kejing MSK-110), and an electrode cutter (Shenzhen Kejing MSK-T10).
Ferrous disulfide (FeS 2 ), a prominent transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDs), demonstrates the sodium storage ability, coupling conversion and alloying mechanisms (FeS 2 + 4Na + + 4e -↔ Fe + 2Na 2 S) .
During the charging and discharging processes, the 002 peak initially shifts to a lower degree due to the intercalation of sodium ions, subsequently reverting to its original position upon ion extraction.
On a different study, based on gas adsorption, Ghimbeu et al. 40 excluded the adsorption of Na + into the open porosity of hard carbon in the plateau region, and they correlate it with the sloping region.
In these structures the sodium ions occupy the prismatic sites (P) or the octahedral sites (O), respectively 12 , and the number (n = 2 or 3) refers to the repeat period of the transition metals stacking.
To the best of our knowledge, this work represents the first comprehensive extraction method of synthesis parameters and properties for sodium layered cathode materials generated based on literature data.
Visual analysis of Fig. 5 already indicates that the application of tensile strain has a positive effect on the alkali-ion mobility within the system showing greater Na-ion density in the trajectory plot.
A comprehensive investigation of the physicochemical features and sodium storage performance of HMF-derived hard carbon provides valuable insight into its potential as a promising anode material for SIBs.
In a previous study, we found that hard carbon derived from mangrove char and carbonized under vacuum exhibited higher discharge capacities and reversibility than chars carbonized in an argon atmosphere .
Based on the characteristics of the peak shapes and positions, the XRD diffraction peaks of NaFeHCF samples match those of the standard Prussian blue (JCPDS, No. 52-1907), with no visible impurity phases.
Na0.55, Na0.65, and Na1 showed similar capacity decay rates at different cutoff voltages, but at the same cutoff voltage, the capacity retention was proportional to the value of R (Supplementary Fig. 35).
Moreover, recent studies have demonstrated that heteroatoms as nitrogen, phosphorous, and magnesium in the biomass precursors lead to HC with improved performances as Na-ion battery's negative electrode .
The CR2032 coin cells were assembled with a sodium metal disc (1 mm thick, sodium ingot, 99.8% metals basis, Alfa Aesar) as a counter electrode (CE), and a hard carbon anode as the working electrode (WE).
This supports our conclusion that Mode I dominates dendrite formation near the critical current density, while Mode II can lead to gradual Na metal accumulation in NaSICON at much lower current densities.
Due to the potential criticality of lithium raw materials, Na-ion batteries (NIBs) are frequently suggested as a low-cost, environmentally benign alternative to eventually complement or even replace LIBs.
It has to be admitted that cheap and easily available biomass-based hard carbon materials have innate advantages in practical applications, but the electrochemical properties need to be further optimized.
One is the signicantly larger ionic radius of sodium ions (1.02 Å) compared to lithium ions (0.76 Å), which can change the kinetic barrier and energy landscape of intermediate formation during synthesis.
The comparison of capacity and volume variation between NMLMO and the previously reported P2-type oxide cathode materials during the charge and discharge processes is summarized in Figure 6b and Table S8.
We developed a convolutional neural network (CNN) model capable of predicting the performance of various ion-doped NASICON compounds by leveraging extensive datasets from prior experimental investigation.
Knowledge on solvent co-intercalation is relatively scarce and largely limited to graphite anodes, for which in sodium-ion batteries, the co-intercalation of glyme molecules is fast and highly reversible.
As one of the most promising cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries, Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) cathodes face challenges in terms of poor cycling stability owing to their poor interfacial stability.
As expected this capacity is lower than we have reported 69 for hard carbon produced by pyrolysis of cotton wool at 1400 1C (302 mA h g À1 ), mainly due to a lower capacity in the plateau region (o0.1 V).
A Bi-C-based composite has been fabricated in a multistep process that could serve as an ultrafast SIB anode with superb high-temperature utility along with optimum performance at high current densities .
The three dimensional porous network structure of the graphene aerogel provides sufficient interstitial space for sodium ion accommodation, allowing fast and reversible ion intercalation/de-intercalation.
The study also incorporates hard carbon (HC) as an electrode active material in a composite electrode for Na ASSBs, highlighting the compatibility of high-conductivity, lowsintering-temperature materials.
More importantly, this work reveals the critical role of closed-pore surface characteristics in sodium storage and offers a feasible guideline for designing advanced carbon anodes in sodium-ion batteries.
The Eggette-like Sn@C self-assembled anode material provides excellent sodium storage capacity (400 mAh g -1 at 0.1 A g -1 ) [Figure 15I] and cycle stability (200 mAh g -1 at 1 A g -1 after 1,000 cycles).
In this communication, we report the synthesis of a nanocrystalline anatase TiO 2 -graphene composite, and its sodium insertion electrochemistry is investigated utilizing ether and carbonate electrolytes.
To understand the reaction mechanism of O3-type Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 during sodium insertion and extraction processes, we performed the ex-situ XRD and STEM experiments in the Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2/Na half cell.
It is evident that the initial phase is O3-type rhombohedral (Figure S6b, point 1), and the patterns of O3 layered structure broaden, weaken with desodiation and a new phase appears (Figure S6b, point 2).
This provides theoretical guidance for non-conductive MOFs to be directly utilized as rapid and safe sodium storage electrode materials, breaking down barriers for their direct use as electrode materials.
Furthermore, the sodium ion storage is mainly below 1.5 V with an average discharging voltage plateau at B0.8 V, much lower than those in a lithium cell (1.5 V for TiO 2 -B and 1.75 V for anatase TiO 2 ).
Nowadays, pushed by the increasing need for more efficient low-cost energy storage devices, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are becoming an alternative for large-scale applications and light electromobility .
Taking Na2M Ⅱ [Fe Ⅱ (CN)6] as an example, it can be observed from Figure 3(a) that the Prussian blue analogues unit cell possesses a highly open framework structure, namely, a three-dimensional structure.
S10 and discussed in more detail in the ESI. † The Na II resonance disappears at early stages of charge (as soon as x = 0.49), suggesting Na-ion removal from the a-NaMnO 2 phase or domains at low voltage.
However, sodium ion has a relatively large ionic radius and sluggish reaction kinetics, which inevitably lead to capacity degradation and cycling instability, hindering the practical application of SIBs .
At present, the research focuses on the modification, composite and micronano structure adjustment of traditional hard carbon materials, aiming to improve its capacity and enlarge its economic advantages.
Liu et al. 32 prepared oral variant of mesoporous carbon achieved excellent performance in sodium ion batteries (438.5 mA h g À1 at 30 mA g À1 ) and lithium ion batteries (1370 mA h g À1 at 50 mA g À1 ).
The porous hard carbon made contribution to alleviate the volume change, enhance the electrical conductivity, and prevent the agglomeration of Sn 4 P 3 particles during the whole charge/discharge process.
Numerous papers have reported various NASICON-type materials, including both cathodes and anodes for SIB devices (Bui et al., 2015;Wang et al., 2017;Gao et al., 2018;Hu et al., 2018;Wang E. et al., 2018).
Furthermore, harmonized global standards are needed to ensure consistency in evaluating SIB safety across different chemistries and form factors, facilitating regulatory compliance and consumer confidence.
S7 †) is much different from those of the CoS 2 /C polyhedrons, which may be on account of the difference in particle size, affirming the signicance of ultrane nanoparticles in sodium storage properties.
Molybdenum disulfide (MoS 2 ) is identified as one of the most prospective anode materials for sodium ion batteries due to the special layer structure, high working potential and high theoretical capacity.
For the P2-type structure, the computed DOS reveals a valence band maximum populated with Mn states and the presence of a band gap of 0.5-0.8 eV between the valence and conduction bands (Supplementary Fig.
The powders with 95% pure NaSICON phase were deposited on different substrates via Powder Aerosol Deposition (PAD) at room temperature directly from the powders and fully dense ceramic films were obtained.
These nanofibers were prepared via electrospinning and a subsequent selenization process and exhibited superior Na-ion storage properties compared to those of the bare densely structured NiSe 2 nanofibers.
Yu synthesized Sb3CTHN derived from MOF, fully embedding tiny Sb nanoparticles in MOF-derived carbon and TiO 2 nanotubes. 26 The as-prepared Sb3CTHN has good stability as an anode for sodium-ion batteries.
If the [850°C-950 °C] temperature range remains relatively low regarding classical elaboration process of hard carbons, it has been selected in order to minimize the environmental footprint of the process.
Still, aqueous Na-ion batteries based on PBA cathodes generally exhibit low energy density due to the relatively low redox potential and limitation of the electrochemical stability of aqueous electrolytes.
In contrast, the partially graphitized regions in LF-1300C provide more ordered pathways for Na+ intercalation and extraction, reducing irreversible capacity loss and enhancing long-term cycling stability.
As indicated in the Raman spectrum (Fig. 18a,b), the I D /I G value continuously decreased after discharge, indicating the adsorption of sodium ions upon the surface of electrode materials or defect sites.
Gaddam et al. mixed mango feedstock as a precursor with sulfuric acid solution and reacted it in an autoclave at 170 °C for 25 h, followed by high-temperature carbonization to obtain hard carbon materials.
Distinctly, the other three electrodes display extremely stable electrochemical performances for sodium storage, which indicates that graphene has an important role in the cycle stability of the electrode.
The specific capacities of SnS 2 @rGF anodes were calculated based on the mass of SnS 2 , owing to extremely low sodium ions storage capacities of pure rGF fabrics (less than 15 mAh g -1 ), as seen in Fig.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are emerging as a possible substitute for lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) in low-cost and large-scale electrochemical energy storage systems owing to the lack of lithium resources.
Raman spectroscopy has proven to be the most sensitive method for investigating the disorder in sp 2 of diverse carbon structures, making it an essential technique for characterizing hard carbon materials.
Currently, it may be possible to expand the application market for sodium-ion batteries by using an AB battery model, combining sodium-ion and lithium-ion batteries to complement each other's shortcomings.
Density functional theory (DFT) calculations were used in an attempt to understand the multiple phase evolution processes upon chemical oxidation and electrochemical cycling of Na and Ca NaSICON materials.
A dual capacitive and diffusion-controlled operated SIB hybrid anode has been fabricated with a simple hydrothermal assisted method by adding Sb salt, rGO, and thioacetamide into a teflon-lined autoclave .
Targeted innovation in material design, synthesis methods, and electrode architecture will be essential to fully unlock the potential of Cu-containing cathodes in practical sodium-ion battery applications.
Considering the increase in specic capacity from the rst discharge to the second one, this result suggests that sodium ions reach further/deeper into MnP 4 particles to form Na-poorer species or regions.
A high activation energy is required for diffusion of the relatively large sodium ions due the presence of a smaller tetrahedral site as part of the diffusion pathway between two adjacent octahedral sites.
The incorporation of hard carbon anode materials, as noted by Tawalbeh et. al., also supports stable electrochemical performance, indirectly contributing to thermal stability by minimizing side reactions .
As previously discussed, there have been limited studies to date on the wetting of molten sodium on NaSICON solid electrolytes, and no studies have been performed previously at low temperatures (< 150 °C).
The capacity values confirm that a larger dspacing due to S-and P-doping does increase the plateau capacity due to the energetically more favorable Na-ion insertion in between more dilated graphene sheets.
The demand for energy storage systems is rising, leading to an increased production of lithium-ion batteries, but postlithium alternatives such as sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are also entering the market .
In this study, lithium titanium aluminium phosphate LTAP and lithium tantalum aluminium phosphate LTaAP NASICON-type solids electrolytes were successfully prepared using conventional solid-state technique.
Similar tendencies have recently been observed for glucose-derived hard carbon materials. 53 The sample with the highest plateau capacity, MT-1000, was investigated at different current densities (Fig. 5).
The multiple-layer oriented stacking nanosheets constructed hierarchical book-like structure combining exposed active crystal facets endow P2-Na 0.7 MnO 2.05 cathode with excellent sodium storage behavior.
In terms of electrochemical properties, both compounds showed significant quantum capacitance, with maximum values of 511.06 and 414.03 µF/cm 2 under negative bias for ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5, respectively.
A doping level of x = 0.5 in ZrNa0.5Cr1.5 was selected to achieve a balance between modifying the material's electronic and ionic transport properties while preserving its structural and dynamic integrity.
In Fig. 2e, the initial increase in capacities is attributed to the activation process, where the Na-ion transport is gradually facilitated by increased contact between the active material and electrolyte.
Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) are attractive cathode candidates for high energy density, including long lifecycle rechargeable batteries, due to their non-toxicity, facile synthesis techniques and low cost.
Herein, we prepared 3D MoS 2 /Graphene oxide (3D MoS 2 /GO) composite with MoS 2 supported on 3D GO for sodium-ion batteries anode material, which showed excellent reversible capacity and cyclic stability.
At present, sodium-ion battery cathode materials are primarily classified into three main groups.: Prussian blue analogues, layered transition metal oxides and polyanionic materials, as shown in Figure 1 .
Rechargeable batteries, particularly lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) and sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), have been widely adopted due to the rapid development of electric vehicles and large-scale energy storage.
By addressing these gaps, sodium-ion technology can not only provide a cost-effective and sustainable energy storage solution but also ensure high safety standards comparable to or exceeding those of LIBs.
Additionally, at positive bias, both compounds maintain considerable capacitance values, with ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5 exhibiting peaks of 326.24 µF/cm 2 at 0.98 V and 311.21 µF/cm 2 at 0.01 V, respectively.
For example, uniform K-ion doping in the Na layer can enhance the reaction kinetics, suppress harmful high-voltage phase transitions, homogenize the Na-ion distribution, and reduce interlaminar stress 23 .
Overall, acid-catalysed HTC offers a sustainable pathway for tailoring hard carbon based electrodes, repurposing biomass residues into valuable materials for green and low-cost energy storage applications.
In the SIB system, the Sn electrode showed a lower initial sodiation/desodiation capacity of 724.6/487.6 mA h g À1 (corresponding to an initial coulombic efficiency of 67.3%), compared to that of the LIBs.
The full cell of Na 7/9 Ni 2/9 Mn 4/9 Fe 1/9 Mg 1/9 Li 1/9 O 2 /hard carbon could deliver a high energy density of 282.6 W h kg -1 with an operating potential of ≈3.2 V, indicating its practical viability.
It should be noted that pouch cell degradation over 500 cycles is not attributed to structural failure of the NVFP-VO cathode, but rather to the limitations of the hard carbon anode and electrolyte system.
Here, we have identified the time-dependent ion pre-desolvation on the nanopore of hard carbons, which significantly affects the Na + storage efficiency by altering the solvation structure of electrolytes.
The working electrodes of sodium-ion batteries were fabricated by blending the active material, acetylene black and polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone with a weight ratio of 80:10:10.
In summary, a quasi-solid-state self-healing aqueous zinc-ion battery was developed by using a hybrid hydrogel as the electrolyte and Prussian blue analogue cobalt hexacyanoferrate as the cathode material.
As a result, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are emerging as promising alternatives. 2,3 SIBs operate similarly to LIBs, with sodium ions moving between the anode and cathode during charge and discharge cycles.
Thus, a more comprehensive understanding of the inuences of microscopic Na + ion motion on macroscopic transport properties can be obtained, guiding the material design of NaSICON solid-state electrolytes.
This is accomplished by assuming the storage capacity delivered by the fiber-based SIB anodes as the functional unit, namely the measurable physical quantity providing the reference for comparison purposes.
Owing to the 2.8 V practical stability window of 17 m NaClO 4 aq., the aqueous sodium-ion battery exhibits 1.3, 1.5, and 1.8 V plateaus, and 117 mAh g ¹1 first discharge capacity at a rate of 2.0 mA cm ¹2 .
The chemical substitution of Cr 3+ by low-valent Ni 2+ in NCO can be an attractive method to simultaneously expand the sodium-ion diffusion channel and stabilize the structure during Na + (de)intercalation.
During the first stage of charging at the low potential of ~ 3.7 V (vs Na + /Na), the first sodium ions are extracted from the framework, forming a Na 2 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3-y O y intermediate phase (Fig. 1d).
In summary, low cost and scalable Sb@C yolk-shell structure has been prepared by controlled reduction/selective etching of Sb 2 O 3 and it demonstrated good performance as high-energy Na-ion battery anodes.
The changes in physicochemical properties of the vA-NASICONs through the Mg introduction were systematically analyzed, and their effects on the ionic conductivities of the vA-NASICON were studied in detail.
Further, we delve into the mechanisms governing sodium storage and tunability of redox potentials in polyanionic materials, providing insights into the factors that affect their electrochemical performance.
Moreover, the angle phase of MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC at low-frequency region is slightly smaller than that of MoO 2.5 /NC, illustrating that MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC has a faster sodium-ion diffusion in the electrodes .
As shown in Fig. 10b, the V@CF anode has excellent rate performance for sodium storage, with a mean reversible discharge capacity ranging from 159.2 mA h g -1 to 88 mA h g -1 at C-rates of 0.1 to 1 A g -1 .
The P2-type medium-entropy oxides Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 Fe 1/3 O 2 (NaNMF) and Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 Fe 1/3-x Al x O 2 (NaNMFA) (x = 0, 1/12, and 1/6) were synthesized using a conventional solid-state method.
Due to its good strength and conductivity, nanotechnology is regarded as an important method for the enhancement of anode materials for sodium-ion batteries, like nanofibers, graphene, and carbon nanotubes.
Comparative studies on P2-type Na 0.67 M 0.2 Mn 0.8 O 2 (M = Cu, Mg, Zn) reveal that only the Cu-substituted sample exhibits a distinct high-voltage plateau associated with the Cu 2+ /Cu 3+ redox reaction .
More recently, Cary et al. identified the highly ordered co-intercalation of Na-ions and Na-contained glyme-based solvent or sodium-encapsulated diglyme solvent shells in electrodes of sodium-ion batteries.
Understanding the fundamental way materials respond to localized strains at the atomic length-scale is a critical first step in the development of highly reversible, long cycle life, Na-ion insertion hosts.
However, uneven sodium ion transfer in bulk sodium anodes can result in local deposition/dissolution of Na during high speed plating/stripping behavior and result in severe dendrite growth and accumulation.
On the other hand, sodium is the sixth most common element on the planet and easy to extract from earth crust, therefore batteries can be made of sodium-ion will be much inexpensive compare to lithium 1-4 .
The reversible capacities of SPC-180 are much higher than that of SPC-120 and other reported hard carbon. 17 It indicating that the S doping and porously structure should be responsible for the performance.
Figure 3b shows the schematic of electric potential for the Ni 4+ /Ni 2+ and Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ redox couples in O3-type Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2, corresponding to the average voltage of Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2/Na half cells.
These heteroatoms induce the existence of external defects, which can change the microstructure of hard carbons, effectively improving the K + adsorption site and optimizing its electrochemical performance.
These previous efforts have been devoted to enhancing sodium storage performance via carbon encapsulation 25 and nanoscale engineering , while the fundamental mechanisms of sodium storage are still unclear.
Normally, high peak intensity and narrow half-peak width indicate large particle sizes of the sample, which will result in unfavorable diffusion and transmission of sodium ions in electrochemical reactions.
To visualize the interplay of complex structural parameters, the simplified 2D structures of hard carbons, prepared at different heating rates during the low temperature processing, are presented in Fig. 4.
The XRD patterns of both MFC-C and CS-C (Figure 2A) show broad and weak peaks representative of hard carbon samples at 24 o and 45 o that correspond to the and planes of the expanded graphite, respectively.
By reducing the characteristic dimensions of active materials, the diffusion path lengths for sodium ions decrease quadratically, partially offsetting the reduced diffusion coefficients at low temperatures.
Sb 2 Se 3 , a small band gap semiconductor with natural abundance and benignity, has shown a fascinating theoretical capacity of about 670 mAh g -1 as an SIB anode with 12 mol of Na + per mol of Sb 2 Se 3 .
Although the closed pore structure plays a key role in contributing low-voltage plateau capacity of hard carbon anode for sodium-ion batteries, the formation mechanism of closed pores is still under debate.
In recent years, the new energy industry has developed rapidly, and sodium-ion batteries (Hereinafter referred to SIB) is becoming the new favorite in the industry due to their lower cost and higher safety.
Nevertheless, high temperature will result in that the NVPF particles become irregular, inhomogeneous or even agglomerate together to form larger clusters, which is unfavorable for the Na-ions transmission.
Besides suitable capacity retention (288.5 mAh g -1 over 100 cycles at 0.02 A g -1 ), the composite SIB anode has an extended life of over 1,000 cycles with a small capacity drop of 0.18 mAh g -1 per cycle.
The hard carbon electrode in the pouch cell was prepared with a similar process to the electrode used in the coin cell except that the dried electrode was cut into a rectangle (width: 45 mm, height: 55 mm).
The two-dimensional high-entropy MOF material exhibits ultra-fast sodium-ion storage capacity and high safety performance, demonstrating practical value in the fields of sodium-ion batteries and capacitors.
There will be more sodium ions in one crystal unit due to an increase in sodium ion sites caused by the electrostatic interaction between sodium ions and the octahedral structure of the crystal diminishing.
Our work provides a comprehensive guiding map to facilitate the discovery of new NASICONs and insights into the optimization of NASICON ionic conductivity toward the application of solid-state Na batteries.
To estimate the synthetic accessibility of the NASICON at finite temperature, we included the ideal configurational entropy and assumed that a NASICON is synthetically accessible when E hull À TS Ideal ≤ 0.
The NASICON lattice characteristics rise with increasing Ti and Zn doping concentration, as discussed in the XRD analysis, which expands the lithium-ion transmission channels and improves ion conductivity .
The outer surface of HC particles is another region where the solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) is formed or sodium metal is plated, which is related to irreversible capacity or detrimental reactivity 25 .
During the discharge, a phase transition process from 2H-MoS 2 to 1T-MoS 2 occurs, but aer the partial 1T phase stabilization, only the embedding process of sodium ions and no more phase transition occurs.
The addition of lithium salts in the SIB electrolyte alternates the local solvation structure with decreased lithium-ion solvation, indicating that a more reducible electrolyte is formed with lithium salts.
Similar to Li-ion batteries, metal oxides can potentially be used as large capacity anodes for Na-ion batteries because of their high theoretical capacities resulting from conversion reaction in most cases.
Our polyanion sodium cathode materials dataset serves as a valuable addition to existing datasets, facilitating phase space exploration while providing insights into the dynamic behavior of these materials.
When considering a rapid scale-up of sodium-ion batteries as a drop-in technology, the stability of sodium-ion cathode active materials in ambient atmospheres is of great interest (Kubota and Komaba, 2015).
For instance, Cr doping, which can perturb the original lattice structure, contributes to improved conductivity and structural stability in sodium-ion batteries, thereby enhancing their overall performance.
Therefore, it is necessary to improve SIB cycle stability and energy density in order to enable effective application, which requires significant scientific research and engineering technology advancements.
As P2 occurs mainly during the low-slope phase and becomes irrelevant as soon as P3 sets in, we assign it to the diffusive transport sodium ions into the carbon host to high adsorption energy binding sites.
Pyridinic and pyrrolic nitrogen are particularly desirable for enhancing sodium storage due to their electron-decient nature, which can improve the reversible adsorption of Na + ions on the carbon surface.
Moreover, for the typical SEI constituent of F, the F 1s intensity of hard carbons cycled in ester electrolytes is about ten times higher than that in ether electrolytes (Fig. 5g and Supplementary Fig. 18).
The reversible capacity at 50 mA g À1 after 50 cycles was up to 299 mA h g À1 in HC-SiN x electrodes, which can be compared to the 243 mA h g À1 obtained for the hard carbon produced under nitrogen, HC-N 2 .
This study aims to analysized the effect of addition doped metal (Ti and Zn) on NASICON structure to morphology, materials structure, and electrochemical performance especially ionic conductivity properties.
Fluorinated polyanionic compounds also have a high working potential due to the inductive effect of fluorine, while the stable backbone can withstand the insertion/extraction of lithium-/sodium-ions in them.
This study leverages HE engineering to improve NASICON cathodes, addressing key performance limitations and paving the way for long-lasting, energy-dense SIBs suitable for grid storage and electric vehicles.
In order to investigate whether Zn 2 (OH) 2 CO 3 affects the element content and functional group types in coalderived hard carbon during the decomposition process, XPS analysis was performed on all samples.
Compared to the totally selenized binary phases MoSe 2 /carbon and unselenized binary phases MoO 2 / carbon, the ternary phases MoSe 2 /MoO 2 /carbon exhibit signicantly improved Na-ion storage performance.
Figure PBAs with chemical formulae are of Li x M[Fe(CN) 6 ] y and Na x M[Fe(CN) 6 ] y (M = transition metal) are promising candidates for cathode materials in lithium-ion and sodium-ion secondary batteries .
This work paves the way for rapid advancements in Bi 2 Te 3 -based SIB anodes while contributing to our understanding of sodium ion storage mechanisms. † Electronic supplementary information (ESI) available.
Experimentally, it is known that it is possible to synthetize even pristine cubic Na 3 SbS 4 , 13 and it is known that even the pure compound can have Na-ion vacancies, supporting Na diffusion (Table S2a †).
Herein, we unveil high capacity multi-redox empty NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 as a potential anode material for LIBs and SIBs, which reversibly delivers 167 and 150 mA h g -1 at the average voltages of 1.86 V vs.
The Na-ion diffusion coefficient is much larger for the Na-inserted LTO particles than the pristine LTO ones, because Na diffusion occurs more easily in the Na-LTO phases with a remarkable lattice expansion.
Particular attention has been given to O3-type cathodes (Na x TMO 2 , 2/3 < x < 1), which are simple to synthesize, have a high theoretical specific capacity, and are compatible with hard carbon anodes 4,5 .
The addition of a Sn coating to the NaSICON separator in an uncycled cell not only decreases the semicircle diameter by an order of magnitude, but also lowers the Z'-axis offset by more than a factor of two.
With Sn 4+ doped, this Na0.993Ni0.382Mn0.428Cu0.098Sn0.049O2 (NaNMCS) structure could have strong electrostatic bonds between Na and O, thereby suppressing the phase transition, especially at high voltages .
The Sn/AB powders obtained, in addition to Sn-only powders were added to a binder and conductive material, and then dried under vacuum to prepare negative electrodes (anodes) for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
A comprehensive understanding of the sodium storage mechanism in hard carbons is essential for developing more efficient anode materials and improving the electrochemical performance of sodium-ion batteries.
This study involved integrated ML model forecasts and DFT calculations to employ the valuable characteristics of low-cost and non-toxic elements (Al, Fe, and Ti) in formulating the new NASICON-type cathodes.
Overall, we speculate our surface modification removes inhibitors, such as functional groups or impurities, on the MCF surface to prevent sluggish ion transfer or trapping during sodium insertion/extraction.
High-voltage layered oxide cathodes have received extensive attention for sodium-ion batteries owing to their potential high energy and power densities, but their stabilization remains a universal challenge.
A symmetric sodium-ion battery using the same P2-Na 0.6 [Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 ]O 2 electrode material demonstrates charge/discharge curves free of voltage plateaus, outstanding rate performance and long cycle life.
Combined with the entropy effect of ester-ether mixing that contributes to enhanced ionic conductivity, the Prussian blue‖hard carbon (PB‖HC) full cell shows signicantly improved rate performance (Fig. 3b).
In this study, lithium hexafluorophosphate (LiPF 6 ) was marginally added to modulate the interfacial side reactions in the most promising configuration, that is, hard carbon and O3 layered oxide-based SIBs.
At present, the application of hard carbon anodes in PIBs is developed vigorously, but some deep-seated mechanisms need to be explored to guide the direction for high-energy density and long-lifespan anodes.
Additionally, a capacity of about 200 mAh g -1 was conserved over 200 cycles at 2.0 A g -1 , which was superior to many other phosphide SIB anodes with unimpressive capacity retention at high current rates .
In 2022, Lai and co-workers adopted a Cr-doped strategy to active a threeelectron transfer reaction (V 5+ /V 4+ , V 4+ /V 3+ , V 3+ /V 2+ redox sites) in Na 3 Cr 0.5 V 1.5 (PO 4 ) 3 NASICON cathode material.
Upon the further extraction of Na ions, a new phase OP2 appears, accompanied by the reversible phase transformation of P3 phase, similar to the structural evolution of O3-type NaFe 0.2 Mn 0.4 Ni 0.4 O 2 49 .
Therefore, much attention has turned to sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) since the sodium resources are readily available, abundant, and inexpensive, this is perfectly suited for large-scale production [2, 4 -6].
Since the sodium insertion reaction occurs at the negative electrode during the charge process, the supply of the sodium ion in the HC negative electrode determines the rate capability of full-cell charging.
Rechargeable sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) with reliable performance have significant advantages over lithiumion batteries (LIBs) due to price reductions in the raw materials implemented in these systems 1,2 .
Along with a decrease in diffraction peak intensity, the XRD signal peak for the NCO sample at the phase showed a distinct shift to a lower angle after 100 cycles of sodium-ion intercalation/deintercalation.
In a very recent paper, Ma et al investigated how to prepare an anode-free battery version, in which pure metallic sodium anode grows on copper support just on battery charging, and dissolves on discharging.
This paper focuses on electrolyte materials in SIBs, explaining the fundamental needs and categorization of sodium ion electrolytes and highlighting the most recent advances in liquid and solid electrolytes.
In the NASICON-type materials such as LiTi₂(PO₄)₃, lithium ions typically occupy the M1 sites, and, when in excess, they occupy the M2 sites, resulting in relatively low ionic conductivities of 1×10⁻⁵ S/cm .
The Na-ion layered oxide materials, Na x TMO 2 have considerable potential as cathode materials for NIBs owing to the notable benefits including high energy density, facile production and cost-effectiveness.
Extensive materials characterization of the NaSICON material and salt-exposed surface (XRD, SEM, EDS, XPS) revealed no significant changes, except for a decrease in Na + content at the near surface (<10 nm).
Nevertheless, hard carbons are known to develop closed pores when the temperature of pyrolysis increases , i.e. pores which are not accessible to gas molecules, so physisorption provides partial information.
Among the various advanced SIB anode materials, hard carbons (HCs) stand out as promising candidates for commercial SIBs by virtue of the abundant active sites for Na + storage , wide sources, and low cost .
The brilliant conductivity of NASICON ceramics stems from the special structure of the NASICON phase in which lithium ions can easily jump and transfer through two main conducting channels (A1 and A2 sites).
When the voltage is below 1.5 V, the two electrodes show similar voltage slopes and working voltages profile, strongly suggesting that the sodium storage contribution mainly stemmed from the TiO 2 component.
Nonetheless, the full cell data shown here represent a full Na-ion battery cell that achieves high-rate and long-life electrochemical cycling and with space for further optimizations in design and balancing.
Hence, a simple furnace cooling of the annealed pellet to room temperature inevitably led to the formation of a mixture of alluaudite and lyonsite phases with an overall composition of NaCo 2.31 (MoO 4 ) 3 .
A series of hard carbons was prepared by hydrothermal carbonisation of glucose followed by high temperature treatment and the development of the carbon structure with pyrolysis was extensively characterised.
The electrochemical performance of NFPP cathodes is evaluated in both half-cells with the sodium metal anode and full-cells with the hard-carbon anode via galvanostatic charge-discharge cycling measurements.
While this enhances structural stability during sodium insertion, it leads to higher energy barriers during extraction, causing significant stress, microcracks, and lattice deformation over charging process.
The development of anode materials for sodium ion batteries to overcome the limitations of conventional lithium ion batteries can be expected to provide significant applications for renewable energy devices.
It should be noted that, both the specific capacity and the specific energy of the hard carbon||P2-NaMNNb coin cells are calculated based on the total loading mass of the active materials on both electrodes.
In consequence, the in-situ formed catholyte in the Nasicon SEbased Na-air cell during cycles critically affects the activation of the Na 2 CO 3 •xH 2 O reactions and its reversible electrochemical reaction.
The NMFP samples prepared by solution-assisted solid-state reaction, sol-gel and Pechini routes denoted as NMFP/SS, NMFP/SG and NMFP/P, respectively, crystallize in a NASICON structure with R 3c space group.
Here we report a new single phase quaternary O3-type layer-structured transition metal oxide Na(NiCoFeTi)1/4O2 synthesized by a simple solid-state reaction as a new cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
However, Na-ion batteries offer advantages over their Li-ion battery counterparts for emerging large-scale energy storage applications (e.g., grid scale storage) due to the high abundance and low cost of Na.
All peaks in both samples agree well with the pattern having the P2-phase from previous studies (Supplementary Fig. 4) 32 , demonstrating that the P2-type structure is constructed without any impurity phase.
Here, we present the first study where PALS is used to investigate PW samples with different sodium and water contents, and a Prussian blue (PB) sample with 25% [Fe(CN) 6 ] n-vacancies and no sodium present.
In order to verify the function of B substitution, the electrochemical performances of NLNFM and NLNFMB cathodes were examined in 2032 coin cells using a sodium metal negative electrode between 2.0 and 4.3 V.
All-solid-state sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) possess the advantages of rich resources, low price, and high security, which are one of the best alternatives for large-scale energy storage systems in the future.
For the Na 3 MSe 4 (M = P, Sb) series, FPCs indicate that defects are the key to the conduction of sodium ions in cubic Na 3 MSe 4 (Bo et al., 2016), including Na vacancy, interstitial Na, and Frenkel defect.
Considering the effects of ash elements on structural evolution of HC, 17 and the great appeal of elevating sodium storage performance of HC by simultaneously optimizing the pore structure and graphitization.
If the electrode material is narrowed to the nanoscale and utilized synergistic effects of composite materials and other modification methods, it can greatly improve sodium-ion batteries' capacity for energy.
Herein, we report the hydrothermally synthesized self-assembled interconnected nanosheets of WO 3 microspheres possessing admirable sodium storage in terms of cycling stability and acceptable rate capability.
Therefore, it can be seen that the conductivity of Na-ions is noticeably higher in organic liquid electrolytes than it is in solid electrolytes, which is a consequence of the superior fluidity of the former .
The honey-comb type multi-layer structured RGO showed an excellent electrochemical performance as a cathode, which can be attributed to the adsorption of sodium ions on the well-exposed surface of nanosheets.
Alloying anodes in both lithium and sodium-ion batteries are well known in literature, partly because of their great promise and partly because of the difficulty to obtain acceptable endurance during cycling.
As a result, the modified positive electrode with enhanced chemical/mechanical stability demonstrates enhanced Na storage performance and practical feasibility for both Na-ion full cells and anode-free cells.
Three-electrode cell assembly consisted of tantalum wire (counter electrode), electrolyte soakedglassy fiber membrane and glassy carbon (working electrode); a sodium metal was used as the reference electrode.
O'3-type α-NaMnO 2 as electrode materials, was first reported by Hagenmuller and co-workers in 1985, there are reversible de/interealation at the Na content between 0.77 and 1.0 with large voltage hysteresis.
Based on these findings, TB-I among the four TB phases can be concluded to be the best choice for SIB anode material with reasonably low electrode voltage, high specific capacity and superior rate capability.
As one of the core components of a Na-ion battery, the negative electrode has an important effect on the energy density, rate performance, cycle performance, and first-cycle coulomb efficiency of the battery.
In this study, a comprehensive first-principles investigation was carried out on the structural, dynamical, electronic, and energy storage properties of ZrCr2 and its sodium-alloyed counterpart, ZrNa0.5Cr1.5.
Based with the deduction, they prepared Na 1.2 Mn 0.4 Ir 0.4 O 2 O3-type Na-rich materials, which delivers a capacity of 179 mAh g -1 in the voltage range of 1.5-4.4 V by employing cationic and anionic redox.
An equivalent circuit model qualitatively reproducing the experimental data of the sloping region was built upon the DRT results, which is particularly useful for future EIS studies on hard carbon SIB anodes.
These findings validate the effectiveness of the compositional design strategy and underscore the utility of advanced diagnostic techniques in guiding the development of high-performance sodium-ion batteries.
Interestingly, the electrical conductivity of switchgrass derived carbon is improved with the increase of carbonization temperature while the surface area is decreased, which is ideal for a hard carbon anode.
Here, we present an alkaline-type aqueous sodium-ion batteries with Mn-based Prussian blue analogue cathode that exhibits a lifespan of 13,000 cycles at 10 C and high energy density of 88.9 Wh kg -1 at 0.5 C.
Our result may bring a paradigm shift in SIB anode materials to layered metal sulfides, and also afford deeper understanding as well as other nanoscale engineering strategies to boost the performance of SIBs.
Secondly, the vertically aligned channels ensure the rapid penetration of electrolyte and sodium ions, which helps relieve the masstransfer limitations of the electrochemical MoS 2 -sodium ions reactions 58 .
After 3 formation cycles, the initial Na content of Na0.55 was revised to Na0.513 (Supplementary Fig. 24), corresponding to the extraction of 0.339 mol Na + when a specific capacity of 100 mAh/g was achieved.
S6, SI) reveal that irregular block-like shapes were observed for all the hard carbon morphologies, with the distribution of red phosphorus in the 5 wt% P-HC showing some degree of aggregation and unevenness.
In addition to their high conductivity and large sodium ion mobility number, electrolytes should be considered for their thermal stability, economic efficiency and the solid electrolyte interface's stability.
This framework will systematically inform materials development and discovery by highlighting how to target a particular pore geometry to tune the sodium insertion voltage, improving cell safety and lifetime.
Herein, we prepared two Zn 3 Nb 2 O 8 materials with distinct morphologies through different methods and the Zn 3 Nb 2 O 8 was used as the electrode material in lithium/sodium-ion batteries for the rst time.
KS6L is typical graphite incapable of sodium ion insertion within its structure in our system. 8 Moreover, OLCs are composed of closed carbon shells that do not offer any possibility for sodium-ion insertion.
P2-type 3-cation oxide Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 Fe 1/3 O 2 (NaNMF) and 4-cation oxide Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 Fe 1/3-x Al x O 2 (NaNMFA) were prepared using the solid-state method, rather than the doping technology.
To evaluate the potential application of the HE-K-PBA cathode, a full-cell assembled with HE-K-PBA cathode and hard carbon anode (denoted as HE-K-PBA||hard carbon) was configured, as illustrated in Figure 6a.
Therefore in the system of (1-x-y)NaNi0.7Co0.2Al0.1, xNa2MnO3, yNaCoO2 (table 2), the high Ni content usually gives higher initial specific capacities while Co and Al increase the stabilities and life cycles.
An illustrative set of comparative data is presented in Fig. 5, which consists of the evolutionary contour plots of P2/P3-NaMNO (Fig. 5a) and P2/P3-NaMNO-PM (Fig. 5b) samples and the corresponding GCD curves.
The reversible capacity obtained from the charge-discharge measurements of the hard carbon composite electrode using the organic electrolyte (1 mol dm ¹3 NaPF 6 /EC + DEC) was approximately 230 mAh g ¹1 (Fig.
On the one hand, in-situ synchrotron XRD analysis indicates that Na2/3Fe1/3Mn0.57Ti0.1O2 can maintain the P2 hexagonal crystal structure without any phase transition when subjected to low-voltage discharging.
By combining electrochemical tests with spectroscopic characterization, the performance of selective carboxylate ester-based electrolytes in hard carbon/Na and Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /Na half-cells was evaluated.
Among those, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have shown great promise as sustainable and renewable alternatives to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) due to the widespread availability and low cost of sodium resources.
Already wet impregnation with NaOH solution and drying resulted in a nearly complete transformation of the brucite-type structure of Mn 3/4 Ni 1/4 (OH) 2 precursor into a poorly crystalline P3-type structure.
We apply entropy profiling (EP), where the cell temperature is changed under open circuit conditions, to yield additional insights into sodium insertion in hard carbons of systematically controlled pore size.
Through the analysis of 23 Na NMR spectra of hard carbon, we gained insights into sodium insertion within the active material, which is characterized by the shifting NMR peak during the (de)sodiation process.
It is important to note that the driving force for the operation of a rocking-chair battery such as a sodium-ion battery is the energy gain upon the transfer of a Na atom from the anode to the cathode 70,71 .
The main classes are Prussian blue analogues, layer oxide materials (e.g., NaNi 0.33 Fe 0.33 Mn 0.33 O 2 (NFMO)) and polyanion materials (e.g., NVPF), which show very different behaviour under thermal stress.
For comparison, the TiO 2 +G mixture can only deliver ca. 90 mAh g -1 after 700 cycles at the same rate, confirming the synergistic sodium storage between TiO 2 NCs and graphene nanosheets in TiO 2 -G hybrid.
In the low voltage region, both materials display a plateau at 2.1 V upon discharge, which persists on subsequent cycles (Figure S4b and 5d for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2, respectively).
To explore the maximum sodium storage capacity for GY and GDY under the condition of keeping structural stability, we have calculated several cases of Na atoms adsorption on single and double-layer GY and GDY.
Figure 4. (a) Galvanostatic cycling performance of Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 cycled at 30°C between 1.8 and 3.8 V at a rate of 10 mA g -1 in black, 50 mA g -1 in red, 200 mA g -1 in blue and 500 mA g -1 in green.
When Na-ions are extracted the oxidation state of Fe increases, in the case of a half-filled (NaFe[Fe(CN)6]) and empty (Fe[Fe(CN)6]) framework, the average oxidation states of Fe are 2.5+ and 3+, respectively.
Such a simple and effective structure modulation reveals a new avenue for developing high-performance O3-type cath odes and pushes the large-scale industrialization of Na-ion batteries a decisive step forward.
NEB calculations show that for a dilute cation content in NaSICONs (Ca 2+ < 1 per V2(PO4)3), migration of Ca 2+ is difficult due to the large site energy difference between the stable 6b site and the 18e site.
Furthermore, even with deep sodium insertion, there is essentially no V local structural change, as evidenced by the excellent overlap between the EXAFS spectra after one cycle and that of the pristine sample.
However, both of these inferred stoichiometries have substantially less sodium than the composition determined by Rietveld refinement of the X-ray diffraction data for this phase, which is Na0.7(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2.
KLa-HCF is a kind of PBA; PBAs are a group of substances in which other metal ions substitute either (or both) Fe ions for Prussian blue, K 3x Fe III (4-x) [Fe II (CN) 6 ] 3 •nH 2 O (x = 0-1, typically x = 0).
Further studies of the pyrosilicate family using, for example, structure stabilizing dopants, could open new opportunities for cost-effective and environmentally friendly materials for Li-and Na-ion batteries.
Oxide-based all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries present a safer, more robust and more sustainable alternative to lithium-ion batteries, though fabrication challenges persist, particularly during co-sintering.
The capability of NASICON-based phosphate cathodes to provide the accessibility of multi-electron reactions and higher capacity has been explored by facilitating two or more transition metals in the structure.
The inorganic SEI, including Li(Na)OH already formed at the defect site where irreversible Li/Na-ion trapping occurs, inhibits the initial irreversible reaction and provides ∼100% initial coulombic efficiency.
Hence, extensive research has gradually shifted focus toward sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) since both sodium and lithium belong to an identical main group and have similar chemical and physical characteristics .
In this work, by means of first-principles calculations, we explored the use of 2D Janus transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDs) CrSSe, CrSTe and CrSeTe as anode materials for lithium and sodium-ion batteries.
However, we know that NASICON solid-state electrolytes are good room-temperature ionic conductors, so there must be some kind of long-range diffusion present, but the local diffusion process might be dominant.
The NVP/G8 electrode showed higher value of sodium ion diffusion coefficient, as the sodium ion diffusion path was reduced in the small particles and the contact area between NVP and the electrolyte increased.
Guided by this text-mined information, we improved the NASICON room-temperature (~25 °C) ionic conductivity in this work up to 1.2 mS cm -1 , which is one of the highest conductivities among reported NASICONs.
Despite the many reported structures of hard carbon, the practical use of hard carbon anodes is largely limited by low initial Coulombic efficiency (ICE) and the sodium storage mechanism still remains elusive.
Relying on the storage mechanism, several alkali metal ion anode materials, carbonaceous compounds, including soft/hard carbon and natural/synthetic graphite, are considered as the potential viable candidates.
Also, a full cell consisting of Na0.58Ni0.33Mn0.67O2 cathode (in excess) and P/NC anode was tested and delivered a capacity of 150 mAh g -1 at a rate of 1C, and 52 mAh g -1 at a very high current rate of 30 C.
Heteroatom doping (P 205 , B 230 , S 231 , N 232 , F 93 , etc.) can be used to intentionally alter the local structure of hard carbons, with the aim of enhancing the electrochemical storage capability in SIBs.
The designed electrolyte forms a highly stable and robust CEI enriched with S and N species, which provides effective protection to the O3-type layered oxide NaNMF cathode during high-voltage testing at 4.2 V.
The latter approach motivates extensive investigations into alternative mobile cations such as the Na-ion, the use of metallic anodes, and the development of solid electrolytes to create solid-state batteries.
Firstly, the theoretical specific capacity of Na 2 MnPO 4 F is as high as 250 mAh g -1 when the two sodium-ions are completely removed (∼125 mAh g -1 for one sodium-ion) (Wu et al., 2018b;Sharma et al., 2020).
The sodium ion diffusion path can be shortened by diminishing particle size, and the volume change during the charge and discharge process was also reduced (Lin et al., 2013;Qu et al., 2014;Xiao et al., 2014).
Experimental exploration of the predicted NASICONs as potential solid conductors Experimental exploration via solid-state methods of the 17 NASICONs mentioned above led to the synthesis of 8 NASICON compounds.
In this sense, the present analysis provides some rather general guidelines for eco-optimizing future SIB cells, charting the way towards environmentally friendly alterative to current maximum performance LIB.
In contrast, the uneven phase transition and kinetic differences in NFMMT lead to significant Na-ion concentration gradients, particularly pronounced in the phase transition region (charged to ~3.0 and 4.2 V).
As shown in Figure 2F-H, hollow . (F) SEM and (G) TEM images and (H) cycling performance of hollow carbon spheres . hard carbon nanospheres with a 30 nm shell showed the most ideal electrochemical performance.
In contrast, the Na-ion concentration in NFMMT/NaCaPO 4 is relatively uniform, indicating that the introduced interface reconstruction layer effectively reduces the Na-ion concentration gradient (Fig. 6j) 25 .
Na + /Na) with the mechanism of carbon micropore filling by Na + ions. Subsequently, numerous studies have reported similar conclusions that micropore filling is an important storage mechanism in hard carbons.
In this setting, mixed polyanionic compounds containing (SO 4 ) 2-have recently been reported as an attractive sodium-ion cathode material because of the presence of the highly electronegative (SO 4 ) 2-anion.
A full-cell sodiumion battery with low-cost Prussian blue analogs in both electrodes and co-solvent electrolyte retains 95% of its initial discharge capacity after 1000 cycles at 1C and 95% depth of discharge.
The study emphasizes that minimizing sodium ion loss and maintaining a lattice structure rich in sodium ions are crucial for achieving electrochemical benefits in developing sodium-containing layered cathodes.
Then the calcined specimen was transported into a vacuum evaporation bell jar (JEE-420, JEOL), and the Na-metal evaporation source (sodium metal dispenser, SAES Getters) was attached 2-3 cm above the specimen.
Atomic-scale characterizations based on spherical aberration-corrected electron microscopy and ab initio calculations are utilized to accurately identify the Ti substitution sites and sodium storage mechanism.
Each of them holds its structural distinctiveness and offers a unique working voltage (see Fig. 2) and sodium storage mechanism, which are critical to understand how the PO 4 influences the local environment .
NASICON has gained attention due to its relatively high conductivity (10 -3 S cm -1 ) at room temperature which makes it a candidate material particularly for solidstate sodium-ion batteries but also sensors .
Ji et al. assumed that the PRC at a low potential is related to Na-ion insertion between the graphene sheets followed by Na-ions filling the pores of the carbon structure (''intercalation-filling'' mechanism).
The composite delivered impressive sodium storage features, including a high specific capacity of 763.2 mAh g -1 at 100 mA g -1 and an extended cyclic stability (345.3 mAh g -1 at 100 mA g -1 over 600 cycles).
It can be concluded that the electrolyte solvation structure demonstrates a strong correlation to the nal Na + storage and interphase chemistry from thermodynamic and kinetics aspects in the Na-ion batteries.
According to Zhao, various materials composed of layered metal oxides, Prussian blue structured metal cyanides, have been evaluated as cathodes for sodium-ion batteries that can achieve high energy densities .
The dataset includes four types of compounds -NaTMPO 4 (olivine), NaTMPO 4 (maricite), Na 2 TMSiO 4 , and . 2 56 172 4 3 -which are among the most widely used polyanionic materials for Na-ion battery cathodes.
Therefore, the solvation structure of Na + could be used to engineer the properties of the SEI/CEI layers 35 and furthermore, modify the performance of Na-ion batteries (which will be further discussed later).
The efficiency of this process largely depends on the ionic conductivity of the electrolyte and the structural compatibility of the anode material in hosting sodium ions without significant volumetric changes.
For the sodium metal cell, an open circuit voltage was recorded and an initial discharge/charge cycle at a specific current of 30 mA g -1 was performed outside the magnet before imaging (Supplementary Fig. 2).
As shown in Fig. 10a, VN@CF exhibits discrete redox peaks at 2.10 V and 0.74 V, which could be attributable to the surface faradaic reaction between sodium ions and VN during the sodiation/desodiation process.
Although LIBs have been widely applied, a thermodynamically unfavorable Na-graphite compound revealed by the positive binding energy between graphite and Na impedes the application of graphite as a SIB anode .
Exceeding a certain potential, the SEI ensured a steady sodium ion supply to the carbon, but P 1 never disappears from the DRT, because the flux of sodium has to be ensured during the entire sodiation process.
Chunlin Ye et al. synthesized TiO2@MWCNTs nanocomposites by sol-gel method, assembled sodium-ion batteries using TiO2@MWCNTs nanomaterial as the negative electrode, and tested its electrochemical performance .
In addition, the crystal structures of Na0.55 ~Na1 were further confirmed by neutron powder diffraction (NPD) measurements and were also refined using the Rietveld method (Fig. 1a, b and Supplementary Fig. 6).
The obtained results provide an insight into the possible applications of FeV 2 O 4 as an anode material and the use of water-based binders to obtain highly stable electrochemical tests for sodium-ion battery.
However, the ionic conductivities of the NASICON compounds are relatively low compared to those of general liquid electrolytes (10 -2 S•cm -1 ), which causes inferior rate performance of the ASS-SBs and SWBs .
Tailoring structure and microstructure of PW to further improve its properties, in particular, cycling stability, is an important task to achieve for successful commercial applications of sodium-ion batteries.
And the characteristic band occurred at 2043 cm -1 corresponds to Fe II -CN stretching vibration, suggesting the successful synthesis of Prussian blue-functionalized magnetic microgel (Figure 1E, trace c) 35 .
Guided by general rules for metal-oxide bond stability, we have designed, synthesized, and evaluated a Hf-substituted NaSICON variant with increased alkaline stability, relative to its zirconium-based analogue.
The ether-based electrolytes are acknowledged for their compatibility with a diverse array of sodium-ion battery anodes, as well as their capability to enable efficient and reversible electrochemical reactions.
Strategies for SIB anodes include morphology engineering, heteroatom doping, and surface coating, which accelerate Na⁺ intercalation and provide active adsorption sites, potentially enhancing thermal stability.
Intercalation can be assigned to the end of the slope since defects are more reactive versus sodium ions than interlayer domains , and can even continue on the plateau region for smaller interplanar distances .
While we agree with the common view on the role of micropores in sodium storage, we consider the explanation of intercalation into the graphitic interlayer space during the sloping phase as somewhat incomplete.
The charge/ discharge curves of L-1500, M-1500 and H-1500 can be divided into slope region (above 0.1 V) and plateau region (below 0.1 V), demonstrating typical Na ion storage behavior of hard carbon (Fig. 6a).
So, in theory there should be an appropriate doping amount of K + to replace Na + sites in K-doped NVPF, which not only leads to rapid sodium ion migration but also ensures a highly reversible phase transition.
On the other hand, despite its great success for Liion batteries, graphite exhibits a lower specific capacity when used as a Na-ion battery anode, because of its inability to form stable compounds with sodium .
The seemingly low reversibility as compared with a previous report 26 was caused by the separator-less three-electrode cell configuration, in which the plated sodium metal is not subjected to external pressure.
S22 (ESI †) illustrates the This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2025 charge/discharge curves of hard carbon, which exhibit an initial Coulombic efficiency of 67.5%, along with its rate performance.
Here we present a systematic study to evaluate carboxylate ester-based electrolytes for SIB applications, due to their favorable properties (i.e., low melting point, low viscosity and high dielectric constant).
It has been demonstrated that Na 3 Ni 2 BiO 6 has many promising characteristics desirable for a cathode in Na-ion batteries, including its low capacity fade (~0.1% / cycle) and high voltage discharge plateaus.
Indeed, the sodium ions in the P2-type structure occupy the prismatic sites between neighboring oxygen layers, and upon sodium extraction the MO 2 slabs shift into the a-b plane to avoid oxygen-oxygen contacts.
Although hundreds of research papers have been added to the literature on alloying SIB materials in the past few years, unfortunately, no recent review has solely covered recent progress on alloying SIB anodes.
This strategy opens up a new pathway for designing highperformance S cathodes for Na-ion storage and sheds light on the concept that the design of guest molecules is equally as important as that of host design.
While the FEC-added pouch cell exhibited a capacity retention of 73.1% at the 400th cycle, the addition of LiPF 6 salt in the SIB electrolyte demonstrated a capacity retention of 92.7% at the same cycle number.
The cathode material can also deliver good battery performances at -40 °C in combination with a pre-sodiated hard carbon-based negative electrode (e.g., a specific capacity of about 58 mAh g -1 at 37 mA g -1 ).
This trend is well known to be related to the reduction in microporosity caused by the reorganization of the hard carbon microstructure, resulting in the closure of the porosity, particularly above 1000 °C 44 .
Sodium-ion energy storage devices, characterized by their low cost, abundant raw materials, and more evenly distributed global sodium resources, represent a better solution for large-scale fast energy storage .
Layered transition metal oxides (Na x TMO 2 , TM = transition metal) can be categorized into two main groups (P2-and O3-types) according to the sodium ion accommodating sites and the oxygen stacking sequences .
NMVTP/C also exhibits a rapid sodium storage capability for 8000 cycles with a capacity retention of 75% at a considerably high current rate of 14C and an impressive rate proficiency of 59.2 mA h g -1 at 17.5C.
More importantly, the migration coefficients of NaFe[O 3 PCH(OH)CO 2 ] are of a similar order of magnitude to those of NASICON-type positive electrode materials as well as P2-phase layered materials (Table S5).
In the previous section, the m-Sn in the base + FEC electrolyte depicted the least heat generation under the ARC thermal response; henceforth, it was chosen as the anode material to construct the SIB full-cell.
So far, enhanced pseudocapacitive contributions have been realized in some insertion and conversion Li-ion battery (LIB) and SIB materials with high-rate performance (see summary in Supplementary Table 1) 12, .
In general, the spherical hard carbon/graphite mixture technology can effectively improve the fast charging and cycling performances, and has a significant guiding for the structure design of porous electrodes.
Sodium ion batteries (SIBs) have aroused great interests as a promising substitute to conventional lithium ion batteries (LIBs) owing to the overwhelming superiority in low cost and abundant natural resources .
In addition, Ti substitution can also smooth the charge-discharge plateaus effectively, which provides a potential advantage for the commercialization of this material for room temperature sodium-ion batteries.
In this study, the use of HC carbon derived from low cost and Chlorella vulgaris algal biomass has been experimentally proved as a high capacity and stable anodic active materials for Na-ion battery electrodes.
The cycling protocol for the NFM111 vs. hard carbon cells (capacity ratio of anode to cathode is 1.2 : 1) involved two C/20 formation cycles with a cutoff voltage of 4.0 V, followed by two 2C and 46 C/2 cycles.
Subsequently, the electrical properties of the resulting films were characterized and the effect of annealing at temperatures between 100 and 600 °C on the ionic conductivity of NaSICON PAD films was evaluated.
Metal sulfides and alloy anodes are a good choice for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) since they have many benefitting advantages such as higher specific capacity, good cyclic stability, and higher rate capability.
The Na-ion storage performance of the as-prepared ternary phases MoSe 2 /MoO 2 /NC was investigated using a sodium disk as the counter electrode and compared with that of binary phases MoSe 2 /NC and MoO 2 /NC.
There are a variety of cathode materials in SIBs, including layered sodium transition metal oxide-based materials, polyanionic compounds (sulfate, oxalate, phosphates, etc.), Prussian blue analogs, and others .
It delivered a reversible capacity of 506.7 mA h g À1 at 0.05 A g À1 and maintained a stable capacity of 497.6 mA h g À1 aer 50 cycles at 0.1 A g À1 , which displays an satisfactory sodium storage performance.
In this study, Na 3-x V 2 (PO 4-x F x ) 3 (x = 0, 0.1, 0.15 and 0.3) polyanion cathode materials were synthesized via a simple sol-gel method and evaluate the electrochemical performance for sodium-ion storage.
However, far more studies are required to draw a complete picture of the charge compensation mechanism driven by oxygen in SIBs as a result of the range of different polymorphs adopted by sodium layered oxides.
Such these peaks in ascending order of 2θ degree well fitted to the lattice planes of , ( 006), ( 101), ( 012), ( 104), ( 107), , and of O3-type layered structure (PDF#01-073-2048) without any peak of impurity.
Sodium ion batteries (SIBs) are a promising alternative to lithium ion batteries (LIBs) due to the similar chemical properties of sodium and lithium and the natural abundance and relatively low cost of sodium .
It can be depicted from the results that the CVC sequence encourages time-limited reactions at the electrodes so that additional sodium ions can be extracted from the cathode and intercalated to the anode side.
This phase transition may be associated with residual Ni 3+ /Ni 4+ oxidation as suggested in the literature. 19 Upon sodiation the hard carbon exhibits a sloping voltage profile and a subsequent low voltage vs.
By serendipity, the sodium deficiency and unique phase transition caused by ball milling enables highly reversible Fe 2.4+ to Fe 3+ redox reaction of the Prussian blue material in the water-in-salt electrolyte.
Finally, in light of our results, we discuss the advantages and drawbacks of Si 24 -based insertion anode for Na-ion cells and how future research directions might help to improve this class of anode materials.
The high costs and geopolitical challenges inherent to the lithium-ion (Li-ion) battery supply chain have driven a rising interest in the development of sodium-ion (Na-ion) batteries as a potential alternative.
For instance, hard carbon (HC) is intensively investigated as a negative electrode material for SIBs. It consists of turbostratic domain and tunable nanopores which can also provide active sites for Na storage.
It can be seen that the better electrochemical performance of the ME-CNT-CC results from the combination of fast ion transport of mesoporous structure and high electron transport of CNTs within the hard carbon.
The relation between density and ionic conductivity in these NASICON type materials is complex and influenced by microstructural characteristics, phase composition, defect structures and processing conditions .
These channels are benecial for the electrolyte penetration and electron transfer which will lead to much improved electrochemical properties when used as the electrode material in Na-ion battery applications.
These combined advantages make copper-containing layered oxides a promising and practical direction for the development of high-performance, cost-effective, and sustainable sodium-ion battery cathode materials.
In the search for high-performance electrodes for sodium-ion battery applications, there is a high demand for organic materials with satisfactory electrochemical performances, especially high rate capabilities.
Furthermore, Na-doped α-NaMnO₂ exhibits a dual monoclinic phase that contributes to the enhanced structural stability and Na⁺ diffusion kinetics, which are not typically observed in conventional P2/O3 cathodes.
The second step of the synthesis is a solid state reaction where the transition metal oxalate is mixed, ground and pressed together with a sodium ion source, e.g. sodium carbonate, in the desired stoichiometry.
Together, NASICON and PEO complement each other in the composite electrolyte, balancing the need for both high ionic conductivity and the flexibility required for efficient, long-lasting solid-state batteries .
The atomic compositions of Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.23 Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 and NaMNO 2 samples were confirmed by inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry (ICP-MS), as displayed in Supplementary Table 6.
We were initially very surprised at this behaviour because, during desodiation, sodium ions leave the structure and one would therefore expect a contraction rather than a substantial expansion of the electrode.
As depicted in Figure 7A representing the first discharge profile of the Agcoated Cu/PLA/PEGDME500 sample vs. sodium metal, no plateau corresponding to the alloying process between Ag and Na metal was observed.
Chinese manufacturers have already established ton-scale production of O3type layered oxides. 86 Tiamat's first generation of high-power SIB cells was based on the polyanionic CAM Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 (NVPF).
Combining experimental results with DFT calculations, we propose a revised mechanistic model in which sodium ions store first simultaneously and continuously at defects, within interlayers and on pore surfaces.
However, thus far there has been no systematic knowledge of how doping affects the local structure of hard carbon, and the carbon materials reported in the literature vary hugely in their specific surface areas.
In this work, we aim to comprehensively explore linear carboxylate esters (Table 1) as the main solvent for SIB electrolyte design and assess their potential in enhancing the lowtemperature performance (Fig. 1).
It is known that the rate capability is dependent mainly on the transport properties of sodium ions and electrons, corresponding to the sodium diffusion barrier and electronic conductivity of sodiated-borophene.
In our revised mechanistic model, we propose that during the initial stages of sodiation, between 2.5 and 0.1 V, sodium storage occurs simultaneously at defects, within interlayer galleries and at pore surfaces.
The chemical stability of Na3MCl6 against cathode materials was evaluated by calculating the reaction energy between Na3MCl6 and four cathode materials (NaCrO2, NaMnO2, NaCoO2, and NaNiO2) as shown in Figure S2.
This study has demonstrated how acid-assisted HTC of vine shoots, followed by an additional annealing step, yielded a wide range of HC materials with attractive electrochemical features as Na-ion battery anodes.
Therefore, the current work aims to highlight the role of Ti 4+ partial substitution with Zr 4+ ions on the crystallization tendency, lithium-ion conductivity, and microstructure of NASICON based glass-ceramics.
Meanwhile, an additional peak centered at t = 1 s is obtained in the DRT of the hard carbon/sodium cell, which is related to the small tail on the imaginary axis at low frequencies in the Nyquist representation.
Although the removal of lignin alone proved benecial for the initial reversible capacity of bamboo-based hard carbon, the rate capability of this material did not meet the requirements for fast-charging anodes.
Aer substituting all the values, the KNO@F-C electrode exhibits a signicantly higher sodium ion diffusion coefficient of 2.86 × 10 -11 cm 2 s -1 compared to that of the pristine one (1.58 × 10 -11 cm 2 s -1 ).
In the field of SIBs, various types of materials, including transition metal oxides 1,2 , Prussian blue compounds 3 , polyanion-type compounds 4 , have been studied as cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) present a sustainable and cost-effective alternative to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) for low-temperature (LT) applications, leveraging sodium abundance and reduced geopolitical risks.
Moreover, the existence of active crystal and polymer can make the composite solid electrolyte have relatively high ionic conductivity, good flexibility, stability, and interface compatibility with sodium anode.
A Sb/NiSb hybrid has been used as a binder-free SIB anode, exhibiting a superior ICE of 86% along with stable cycling (with a capacity of 521 mAh g -1 at 200 mAh g -1 over 100 cycles), as depicted in Figure 9A .
Solid-state NASICON electrolytes with very good mechanical properties and high ionic conductivity are successfully tested in terms of electrochemical behavior by using the cell configuration: Na/NASICON/FePO 4 .
The interfacial resistance of the HC/Na halfcells in the carboxylate-based electrolytes is 5-8 times higher than that in the electrolytes, and 1-2 orders of magnitude higher than that in the SOA SIB electrolyte.
S3, ESI †) confirm that the different charging voltage profile for the full cell is caused by the reduction of FEC on the hard carbon 26 and indicate that the reduction is likely completed after the first cycle.
This similarity indicates that the reduction in NaCl composition does not alter the electrolyte's microstructure, facilitating the examination of how vacantsite/Na-ion ratios affect the conductivities of HNISEs.
In particular, recent reports have shown that high specic capacities can be achieved in P2-type Mn-based layered oxide cathodes, especially when doped with Mg 2+ , Li + , or Zn 2+ in the transition metal layer.
Manganese-based Prussian blue analogues (Mn-PBA) are promising cathode materials for aqueous sodium-ion batteries (ASIBs) owing to their open framework that facilitates efficient sodium ion insertion/extraction.
For small BEVs, NVPF|HC and NFM111|HC are considered due to their high volumetric energy density compared to other SIB chemistries, 71,95 while Mn-PBA|HC 96 accounts for the majority of SIBs in SES applications.
The resulting closed-pore hard carbon (CMAC-2) delivers a remarkable reversible capacity of 335.5 mAh•g -1 at 0.3 A•g -1 for sodium-ion batteries, demonstrating the efficacy of pore architecture reconfiguration.
Satrughna and co-workers prepared a NaCoO 2 material via the sol-gel method that exhibited a transformation from particles with undefined shapes and sizes at 700 °C to a hexagonal shape at 800 °C [Fig. 3(b-g)] .
The open circuit voltage (V OC ) profiles indicate stable ion storage, with an average V OC of 0.75 V for Li-ions and 0.77 V for Na-ions, indicating that the material can effectively accommodate and retain ions.
Different from O3-type Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2, P2-type Na2/3Ni1/3Ti2/3O2 only with the cathode and anode performances in sodium half cells have been investigated. 21 And some properties are also compared in Table S3.
In summary, this paper reports the in-situ growth of porous C 4 N conjugated polymer material on conductive carbon substrates and the applications as the anode materials of aqueous alkaline sodium-ion batteries.
The sodium-ion prototyping and fabrication of mobile/automotive or stationary energy storage take similar formats to that of lithium-ion batteries (pouch, cylindrical and prismatic cells), as shown in Figure 40.
We observe a clearly increased DOS of O upon desodiation in NNMO without Li doping, where the DOS intensities near Fermi level for the fully charged state of Na1/6 is increased by around 40% compared with Na2/3.
The electrochemical properties of the Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 samples were evaluated with sodium metal as the reference electrode using a Nagano 2004H battery tester system (Nagano Keiki Co., Ltd., Ohtaku, Tokyo, Japan).
In order to understand the effect of MnHCF structure and vacancies on its electrochemical performance, two MnHCF materials with different vacancies content are prepared and investigated in organic Na-ion system.
When the potential drops below 0.1 V, the capacity continues to increase while the XRD peaks and intensity remain unchanged, suggesting that sodium ions are primarily lling microporous structures in this stage.
Similar behavior was observed for the charge rate capability tests, i.e., a steep decrease in the potential of the HC negative electrodes reduced the full-cell capacity for lower sodium electrolyte compositions.
Thus, it is assumed that the measured porosity of HT carbon particles cannot be fully penetrated by the solvent molecules in SIB tests, potentially because of clogging caused by the larger DEC solvent molecules.
If the water content is controlled to <10 ppm, remarkable rate capability can be observed in this electrolyte (Ma et al., 2021) in Na||Cu cells, which is a half-cell relevant to sodium-ion anode-free technology.
Beyond these challenges in synthesis, the detailed characterization of particle properties and how they alter during synthesis remains an underexplored area in the development of Na-ion LTMO-positive electrodes.
Figure 4a, b shows the charge/discharge profiles of CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 at 0.1 C (12 mA g -1 ) of different cycles (both materials were tested using a Na metal anode in coin cell configuration), respectively.
As an alternative, hard carbon derived from olive pomace is a potential candidate as a commercial anode material for sodium-ion batteries due to its favorable electrochemical properties and structural stability.
For the counter electrode, sodium metal foil was used, and 1 M NaClO 4 in a 1 : 1 volume ratio of ethylene carbonate (EC) and diethyl carbonate (DEC) served as the electrolyte, with an amount of 120 microliters.
Therefore, the highest temperature of heat treatment (950 °C) was considered for further heat treatments. crystallinity of the NASICON phase which is believed to be related to their higher glass-forming ability.
Sodium vanadium fluorophosphate exhibits a typical NASICON structure, consisting of a threedimensional (3D) framework formed by [V 2 O 8 F 3 ] double octahedra and [PO 4 ] tetrahedra linked through oxygen atoms.
The increased diffusion coefficient of sodium ions (D Na? ) may be attributed mainly to the incorporation of nitrogen atoms and brings about the better electrochemical performance of the TiO 2 /N-C NF electrode.
Operando XRD was performed for the initial sodiation and the first full cycle to gain further insights into the sodium storage mechanism and the evolution of the crystal structure during sodium (de)intercalation.
Viewed from the last 2 ps of the sodium ion trajectory, the sodium ion is allowed to dri through the entire furrow, while there is no visualization of a sodium ion jumping across the ridges to neighboring sites.
We report the electrochemical performance and diffusion kinetics of a newly designed NASICON type Na 3.3 Mn 1.2 Ti 0.75 Mo 0.05 (PO 4 ) 3 /C composite material as a cathode for costeffective sodium-ion batteries.
The present work gives a comprehensive insight into the Ti-doping effect on overall electrochemical performance of Na2/3Fe1/3Mn2/3O2, which provide guidance to extended researches on layered sodium cathodes. 2.1.
NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 has attracted great interest as anode material for sodium ion batteries owing to its open three-dimensional framework structure and limited volume changes during the charge and discharge process.
Compared to the LIBs, the SIB scores slightly worse in the majority of the assessed categories when assuming a lifetime of only 1000 cycles, while with 2000 cycles it already gets into the range of existing LIBs.
The half-batteries were assembled using the above electrode as a working electrode, sodium metal as a counter electrode, and glass fiber (GF/D 1823, Guangdong Canrd New Energy Technology Co., Ltd) as a separator.
The intercalation-filling model was further supported by Komaba et al. 285 using ex situ XRD (Figure 30.c) to observe that the reflection peak shifts to a lower angle when the hard carbon is sodiated up to 0.1 V.
The pattern of the deposited film matches with the simulated reference monoclinic NaSICON (00-035-0412) and the reference monoclinic ZrO 2 (00-037-1484) reflections in terms of their 2h positions and intensities.
Sn thin films were applied on NaSICON at Sandia National Labs using a previously developed process. 34 An optimal coating thickness of 170 nm was targeted to balance both resistance reduction and sputtering time.
Thus, the hydrothermal pretreatment of biomass in pure water can effectively manipulate the microstructure of derived HC, which leads to superior sodium-ion storage behavior both in the slope and plateau regions.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) with a similar operating mechanism to lithium-ion batteries and abundant sodium resources are considered as one of the most promising candidates for low-cost renewable energy storage .
In parallel with LFPs, major corporations have also begun exploring sodium ion batteries (SIBs), which offer similar synthesis pathways as LFPs but serve as potential alternatives from a technological standpoint.
Materials degradation-the main limiting factor for widespread application of alloy anodes in battery systems-was assumed to be worse in sodium alloys than in lithium analogues due to the larger sodium-ion radius.
High reduction of impacts is achieved especially for MEP, the only category where the SIB showed significantly worse results than the LIBs, basically due to the impacts associated with the sugar beet cultivation.
In-depth exploration of full cell behavior, reinforced by in situ spectroscopic evidences, could serve as an additional valuable contribution to the investigations of the sodium storage mechanism in such carbons.
Since due to the multiplicity of processes involved such an information is a mere guess for HC based sodium-ion anodes, ECF might provide rather ambiguous results instead of physicochemically relevant parameters.
Before cycling for hard carbon anode, it first was pre-potassiated through direct contact with potassium metal in 0.5 mol dm -3 NaPF 6 electrolyte for 1 h to minimize the irreversibility during sodiation process.
Current research has concentrated on producing cutting-edge anode materials like hard carbon and optimizing cathode materials like layered oxides and polyanionic compounds in order to get over these restrictions.
Since the SEIs formed in ether and ester electrolytes are significantly different in compositions and properties, we performed a comparative analysis of cycled hard carbons (after 10 cycles) in both electrolytes.
Na-ion batteries (SIBs), perceived as the most promising alternative energy storage technology, are attractive for large-scale stationary applications due to the cost effectiveness and global abundance of sodium.
Recently, the storage behavior of Na + in nanoporous attracted considerable interest and it is believed that this could result in hard carbon anodes with prolonged low-potential plateaus and high capacity 12,13 .
Hence, developing anode materials that can occlude more sodium ions is in demand. 1,2 Since sodium ions are three-fold larger than lithium ions, the LIB anode materials may not always be practical for SIB anodes.
Another key advantage of SIBs is their enhanced low-temperature performance, as sodium ions exhibit higher ionic conductivity and improved diffusion properties compared to lithium ions in colder environments [7,.
During sodiation, additional sodium ions are intercalated into the structure, increasing the positive charge stored between the oxygen ions and therefore shielding the repulsion in between neighboring MO 2 slabs.
Selecting suitable interfaces can mitigate the voltage hysteresis issue, as recently reported in Co-Sn alloy, where dually functioning active/inactive phases can reduce dendrite growth in sodium metal batteries .
It was found that sodiation of the material causes a change in the crystal structure gradually from cubic to a distorted monoclinic structure, which eventually allows the accommodation of up to three sodium ions.
Off-site X-ray diffraction (XRD) and high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM) confirmed that the intermediate distance of soft carbon rose from 0.36 to 0.42 nm during the sodium storage procedure.
In summary, through experiments, text-mined literature data, and ab-initio modeling, we have quantified the relationship between the various composition variables of NASICON compounds and the Na-ion conductivity.
However, compared to lithium ions (0.59 Å), the larger diameter (0.99 Å) of sodium ions (Na + ) limits the number of suitable electroactive materials and hinders the electrochemical interfacial reaction kinetics.
For these reasons, Na 3.12 Co 2.44 (P 2 O 7 ) 2 showed better electrochemical performance for Na-ion batteries, indicating that the structure of Na 3.12 Co 2.44 (P 2 O 7 ) 2 is more suitable for Na-ion batteries.
Furthermore, despite Na and Li having similar properties, similar crystal analogues in Additionally, the sodium storage mechanism and capability depends to a large extent on the crystal structure of the material.
Refined structural results (Table S1) reveal that Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 contains 4% transition metal vacancies and the unit cell volume (242.59 Å 3 ) is smaller than that of Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 (243.74 Å 3 ).
These findings demonstrate that biomass carbon-based materials possess good specific capacitance and excellent cycling stability, holding great prospects and potential for the development of sodium-ion batteries.
Metal-based compounds such as SnO 2 @graphene have also been investigated, where the dominant conversion reaction, facilitated by ultrafine SnO 2 nanoparticles, offers new insights into sodium storage mechanisms.
However, the practical applications of sodium ion batteries have been hindered by lacking of applicable electrode materials to accommodate sodium ions, which are bigger than Li + in radius (Wang X. et al., 2016).
Whereas several methods have been employed to monitor structural and oxidation-state changes in O3-type layered oxides, few techniques are available for the measurement of stresses during electrochemical cycling.
The slope of 0.832 below 4 mV s -1 suggests a pseudo-capacitive process, which greatly contributes to the ultrafast sodium storage process and is mainly caused by the unique nanostructure and large surface area .
We observe improvement in the specific capacity and diffusion coefficient, which can be due to the widened Na-ion migration channels and much reduced charge transfer resistance with Nb substitution in Na0.74CoO2.
The MD sampling in this study (both AIMD and ML-driven MD) enables the characterization of ionic conductivity, while utilizing MLIPs allow for the analysis of Na-ion transport behavior in these cathode materials.
We hope the detailed discussion on the relationship between electrochemical activity and structural integrity will inspire new researchers to explore novel high-voltage materials and chemistries for SIB cathodes.
By comparison, the K-doped samples possessed a higher Na + diffusion coefficient than pure NVPF/C, which proves that K doping can increase the diffusion of sodium ions and improve the electrochemical performance.
The intrinsic pores and expanded interlayer spacing in hard carbon effectively promote the storage and diffusion of Na ions and the abundant edges and defects provide numerous sites for efficient Na-ion storage .
This study demonstrates that synergistic effects in multiphase integrated cathodes promote the development of advanced cathode materials for high-energy-density, fast-charging, and long-life sodium-ion batteries.
Passerini et al. investigated the reactivity of carbonate electrolytes with different sodium salts on the surface of sodium hard carbon (Nax-HC) electrodes by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) (Figure 2b) .
Aer 200 cycles, the MoS 2 @G anode remarkably preserves its sodium storage capacity at as high as 371 mA h g À1 whereas the MoS 2 anode almost loses its electrochemical activity (nal capacity of 31 mA h g À1 ).
Based on the slope of the linear t in the Warburg region, the lower slope found for the Sb 2 O 3 /N-GNR nanocomposites indicates either a large concentration of sodium ions or a large Na + diffusion coefficient.
This powder was again ground with a mortar and pestle and treated for an additional 8 h at 800-900 °C to burn off the carbon residue and complete the reaction to form fine particles of the NASICON-type materials.
For LIBs and SIBs of the same size, the ISC force is greater in LIBs (F max = 648 N) because most lithium-ion components, except for the separator, have a higher Young's modulus compared to sodium-ion components.
Overall, despite the computation of larger cells of 578 atoms, this approach can signicantly reduce the computational effort and therefore allows the study of NASICON materials with a wide range of compositions.
In addition to solid ceramic electrolytes, NASICON can be incorporated into polymer-ceramic composites to give high ionic conductivity together with enhanced mechanical properties and low interfacial resistance .
For example, large pores are beneficial for sodium storage, but only if there are enough accessible channels provided by defects and sufficiently wide interlayer spacings to allow sodium diffusion into the pores.
In this paper, we have included limited discussion on behaviour at high current densities, but for high-performing electrodes we would expect that maintaining open diffusion channels for sodium ions is paramount.
Titanium-based materials and their compounds are considered to be very helpful for sodium ion embedding because of their low cost, non-toxicity, low operating voltage, low strain, and excellent cycle performance.
Li + 6.94 g mol -1 ) make it more difficult for sodium-ions to intercalate and deintercalate in anode materials, which results in SIBs still facing challenges in energy density, power performance, and cycle life .
As discharge continues without further nucleation of Na 6 Li, sodium insertion will proceed on the Na 6 Li/Li 7 boundary, resulting in the transformation of Li to a Na 6 Li phase and pushing this boundary forward.
Note that although the EXAFS data collected on the subsequent discharge shis towards lower Å values, it doesn't match with that of the pristine electrode due to the entrapment of Na-ions in the NASICON framework.
In conclusion, we demonstrated in this study that EPR is an extremely sensitive, non-destructive, and fast technique to quickly predict the charge mechanism of hard carbon anode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
A combined ex situ characterization study revealed that electrochemically driven amorphization plays a key role in achieving efficient sodium storage by accommodating excess sodium ions in the electrode materials.
Because the Zr-deficient vA-NASICON composition was targeted in this study, the secondary phase corresponding to ZrO 2 , which adversely affects the ionic conductivity of the NASICON, was not observed in the NZSP.
With the increase of scan rate, the peaks display a linear shift as shown in Fig. 4b (the fitting information is shown in Table S9), implying a diffusion-controlled behavior of sodium-ion transport in O3-NFCNTSL .
The ability to extend NaSICON's operating pH range would enable ionic separations in caustic sodas, rechargeable alkaline batteries, and signicantly expand the design space for redox ow batteries or separations.
Aqueous electrolytes have a wide possibility in the use of sodium-ion batteries as a result of their many benefits, including their strong ionic conductivity, superior safety, cheap cost, and ease of availability.
Pure sodium metal was used as the counter and reference electrode, glass fiber membrane as separator, 1 mol•L -1 NaClO 4 in ethylene carbonate (EC): propylene carbonate (PC) (1∶1, volume ratio) as the electrolyte.
In the sodium-ion full cells, the ratio of the practical capacities of HC and NaCrO 2 (N/P ratio; R N=P ¼ Q HC =Q NaCrO2 : Q is the quantity of electricity (C)) were controlled to be within the range of 0.85-1.00.
Here, we demonstrate the redox-active properties of self-polymerized dopamine on the surface of few-walled carbon nanotubes (FWNTs), which can be used as organic cathode materials for both Li-and Na-ion batteries.
An example of P2-type layered Na x MnO 2 demonstrated that the co-substitution of Li + and Cu 2+ in transition metal layer sites suppressed the ordered arrangement of Na + /vacancies and stabilized the structure .
In this study, we have successfully prepared nitrogen-doped carbon-coated WS 2 nanosheets (WS 2 /NC) with high content of pyridinic and pyrrolic nitrogen species, and explored their sodium-ion storage performance.
Additionally, during the ISC process, the LIB exhibited a greater temperature increase, reaching approximately 86 °C, and a larger voltage drop of about 3.9 V, both exceeding those observed in the SIB ISC process.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) have unique structural and chemical behaviour and therefore have applications in various fields of catalysis as energy conversion materials for storage devices and molecular sensing.
Previous studies on the Na-ion storage mechanism of NaMnF in (non)aqueous batteries imply that NaMnF undergoes a three-phase transition from the monoclinic to the cubic and ultimately to the tetragonal phases 28 .
The excellent sodium-ion storage properties of the FeSe x -rGO composite powders obtained after selenization for 6 h were confirmed by electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) measurements, as shown in Fig. 7.
Herein, we design a Fe 1-x S/MoS 2 heterostructure with abundant "ion reservoir" to provide fast Na + diffusion channels and interpret specifically the correlation between heterointerface and sodium ion diffusion.
Throughout the low voltage region of the electrochemistry, (i.e., below 180 mV) this peak continues to grow but now proceeds to shift to higher frequencies, finally reaching 760 ppm at the end of sodium insertion.
Overall, metal doping reveals a significant enhancement in the phase purity and crystallinity of P3-type. cells Next, we compared the electrochemical properties of our synthesized NMO materials in Na and Li cells.
Density functional theory calculations and electrochemical characterizations confirm that the high-entropy effect helps to reduce the energy barrier for sodium-ion migration, thus enhancing the ion migration rate.
Prussian blue analogs (PBAs), as a classical kind of microporous materials, have attracted substantial interests considering their well-defined framework structures, unique physicochemical properties and low cost.
To narrow the target to possible solid-state conductors, SO 4 2--containing NASICONs were excluded at this point because they are generally less stable at high temperature and therefore challenging to densify 28 .
As a promising alternative, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are believed to be the next-generation storage system to support sustainable energy exploitation by virtue of the high safety and abundant sodium resources .
It usually retains the morphology of the precursor during material synthesis, and the "house of cards" model proposed by Dahn and others is the first and most extensively recognized model of hard carbon structure.
Note the difference in energy scales between the three compositions: the highest point for LiCoO 2 is about five times that of CoO 2 , while the highest point for NaCoO 2 is about 30% higher than that of LiCoO 2 .
Additionally, the interpretation of the mechanism may differ from one characterization technique to another due to the different probing time scales, bulk and surface sensitivities and hard carbon microstructures.
With the increase of charge voltage, the and peaks moved to lower angles while the , and peaks moved to higher angles, indicating the c-axis expansion and the ab plane contraction as the extraction of sodium ions.
Herein we demonstrate how peat, abundant and cheap biomass, can be successfully used as a precursor to synthesize peat-derived hard carbons (PDCs), applicable as electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIB).
The appropriate control of HC's structure will lead to further enhancement of the negative electrode performance and the development of high-energy and cost-effective sodium-ion battery systems in the near future.
To exploit, however, the full potential of self-assembled titania nanotube layers in Na-ion battery technology we need to close the gap in knowledge about the underlying storage mechanisms as well as ion dynamics.
Therefore, sodium ion batteries (SIBs) as a realistic promising alternative to LIBs are receiving increasing attention due to the abundant sodium sources and the similar chemical properties of sodium and lithium .
When sodium ions diffuse to interstitial sites in a germanium lattice, the larger radius of sodium (relative to lithium) requires much higher activation energy for hopping (0.51 eV for lithium, 1.5 eV for sodium).
The cationic transference number (t NA+ ) is a key parameter for electrolytes characterization, since it can be associated to the charge/ discharge efficiency and energy density achievable in a sodium-ion battery.
These carbon matrices, especially hard carbon, also contribute to the sodium storage capacity of about 300 mA h g À1 , yet more than 0.5 times capacity of the carbon matrix was obtained at a low plateau (0.1 V vs.
As shown in Fig. 1g, the adsorption energies of Mn-MOFs at the first four active sites were positive, demonstrating that the adsorption process of sodium ions at these active sites could not proceed spontaneously.
Moreover, when oxidation is performed under different atmospheres (i.e., ambient air, oxygen flow, air flow) and durations (i.e., 3, 12, 48, 72 and 200 h), the porosity of the obtained hard carbon changes as well.
From the investigation on NaAlTi 3 O 8 samples, it is clear that this compound can be cycled in sodium ion batteries as an intercalation anode with a reasonable capacity of about one Na + insertion and extraction.
Inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectroscopy (ICP-OES) analysis was performed using a PerkinElmer Optima 8300 and a iCAP 6000 Series for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2, respectively.
Due to the large time constant and the non-closing shape of the Nyquist plot, this process is interpreted as diffusive mass transfer of an ion, presumably sodium ions reaching their binding sites in the SEI layer.
Besides, according to the data in S3 Fig, adding the hard carbon is also beneficial to the cycling swelling control at the temperature of 25˚C due to the improved kinetics and the declined risk of lithium plating.
However, NMVAP/C and NMVFP/C cathodes with poor formation energy and large diffusion barrier exhibit insignicant sodium storage performance than the NMVTP/C with stable formation energy and low diffusion barrier.
Throughout this work, either cell voltages from two-electrode measurements with a sodium metal counter electrode or potentials against a sodium metal quasi-reference electrode (three-electrode setup) are reported.
However, recent results suggest that amorphous TiO 2 may be a promising anode for Na-ion batteries. 102 When anatase is subjected to Na insertion, it undergoes amorphization in the first 5-10 nm below the surface.
Also, as stated before, the picture for low TRL technologies as SIB can change very fast when a certain precursor is used more frequently, resulting in a higher number of notifications regarding potential hazards.
The energy barriers of Na-ion migration through face sharing octahedral sites (Na-i1) and octahedral sites via interstitial tetrahedral sites (i1-i2-Na) in the trigonal P3 ̅ 1c were 0.34 and 0.41 eV, respectively.
Here we report on a new synthesis of composite electrodes made of hard carbon decorated with amorphous silicon nitride or silicon oxycarbide nanoparticles, and their application as anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
However, as there is a large interfacial resistance in the NASICON solid electrolyte powder, even when used in combination with a polymer electrolyte, the advantageous effects of ceramics are not easily exhibited.
In order to gather NASICON conductivity data spanning a variety of chemical systems from scientific literature, we employed a hybrid strategy combining named entity recognition methods along with human assistance.
With this method, we successfully synthesize O3-Na[Li 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 and O3-type Ti-substituted NaLi 1/ 3 Mn 2/3-x Ti x O 2 (x = 1/18, 1/9 and 1/6) as high-capacity OAR cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
The similar capacities of the nano-Sb 2 S 3 and bulk Sb 2 S 3 anodes in Na-ion cells can be explained by the presence of an amorphous surface oxide shell on the Sb 2 S 3 NPs (see Figures S5 andS6 for EDS spectra).
These limitations exacerbate polarization effects within the low-voltage plateau region (< 0.1 V), hindering complete Na + infiltration into closed nanopores and consequently diminishing reversible sodium storage.
Both the cotton snippet (CS) and the microfibrillated cellulose (MFC) have been carbonized to prepare hard carbons MFC-C and CS-C, and their electrochemical performance is evaluated in sodium-ion batteries (NIBs).
However, different to previous studies, specific SIB cell chemistries (NMMT and NaMM) achieved comparable GWPs to LIBs due to a nearly competitive energy density and omitting or limiting cobalt and nickel content.
In conclusion, the cell resistance at the NASICON/NaCBH/NASICON is mainly attributed to the bulk and grain-boundary resistances of NASICON, and the ion-transfer resistance at the NASICON/NaCBH interface was small.
LCPO was found to match the monoclinic peak pattern (ICSD No. 261899, space group P21/a), and LAGP matched the peak pattern of the trident crystal (ICSD No. 69763, space group R-3c) of LiGe 2 (PO 4 ) 3 of NASICON.
Hopefully, our strategy can suppress the notorious P2-O2 phase transition effectively and economically, and this will help in maintaining the integrity of surface coatings if they are applied to P2-type materials.
Moreover, we compute the electronic transport properties, including electrical conductivity and Na-ion diffusion coefficients, as well as the quantum capacitance behavior under different electrochemical potentials.
This approach opens a new avenue for enabling organic materials to be considered as more competitive candidates in sodium-ion batteries and promote their use in other material classes to overcome their limitations.
With the PDA carbon shell, Sb@C demonstrates an improved rate performance upon the formation of a more stable SEI layer, better electric conductivity and structural integrity during Na-ion alloying and de-alloying.
To minimize volume expansion and subsequent pulverization effects in Bi-contained SIB anodes, a novel galvanic replacement (with iodine ion assisted) synthesis of Bi NTs for anodes has been presented [Figure 16A] .
As displayed in Supplementary Fig. 8, all hard carbon samples prepared at different pyrolysis temperatures (H-1100, H-1300 and H-1500) show similar honeycomb-like structure with clear micro/nano channels and pores.
When paired with a Se@ reduced graphene oxide (rGO) anode, NVPF-NS//Se@rGO Na-ion full cells exhibited outstanding long-term stability, maintaining a capacity retention of 93.8% after 500 cycles at 0.5C and -25 °C.
The research on the sodium storage system is equally key to gain insight into the effect of hard carbon structure on its electrochemical properties and to instruct the pre-design synthesis of hard carbon materials.
Detailed electrochemical investigation shown in Figure S1 demonstrated that the Na0.67Ni0.23Mg0.1Mn0.65Sn0.02O2 (NMMS2) sample displayed best performance with a reversible capacity of 122.8 mAh g -1 at 10 mA g -1 .
The sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) recently have attracted great interest for large-scale energy storage in renewable energy and smart grid applications due to the cheap raw materials and its decent energy densities .
These findings not only underscore the promising potential of the synthesized NASICON compounds for enhanced ionic conductivity but also emphasize their broader implications for advanced technological applications.
As opposed to the SnNaSICONSn-100 and SnNaSICONSn-500 cells, the penetration observed in the SnNaSICONSn-1000 cell was much narrower and appeared to emanate from small points at the electrode|electrolyte interface.
For aqueous sodium-ion batteries, manganese oxides (birnessite , α-MnO 2 18-20 , Mn 5 O 8 21,22 , etc.) were widely explored as positive electrode materials because of their low cost and large theoretical capacity.
Among them, PR, which features distinct amorphous graphitic structures and possesses high-purity carbon content compared with other HC precursors, is taken as the most promising SIB anode precursor for real usage .
The excellent rate capability and recoverability of SC-800 were mainly attributed to the S doping, which increased the electrical conductivity and facilitated Na-ion transport by increasing the interlayer spacing .
A comparison of hard carbon prepared in this work with other biomass-derived carbons is shown in Table S3, which demonstrates that the prepared hard carbon delivers better rate capabilities and cycling performance.
The survey of actual prices of raw materials allows us to conclude the cost of Na-ion batteries to be 10-20% lower than the Li-ion ones, and this difference is concentrated mainly in the costs of cathode materials.
To confirm and quantify the same, comprehensive CV analyses were performed on the LIB and the SIB halfcells across a range of low scan rates (0.05-1 mV s À1 ) to deconvolute diffusive and capacitive charge storage.
Layered O3-type Na x TMO 2 displays more complex phase transitions in comparison with its Li analogs due to larger Na + ions associated with charge ordering and the ordering arrangement between Na + and vacancies .
However, they claimed that with the addition of FEC, a more desirable passivation layer formed, simultaneously suppressing the accumulation of decomposition products of PC and NaPF6 at the hard carbon surface 299 .
A high concentration of P introduction could efficiently promote the conductivity and lower the energy barrier of the sodium intercalation process (Fig. 16d, h, l), so as to improve the electrochemical performance.
S8,ESI †), indicates that the local structural and/or electronic environment of the sodium ions that were inserted at higher potentials changes as more sodium is incorporated into the structure at lower potentials.
The results obtained shed new light on the reaction mechanism of P2-type layered oxides and provide insight into some of the causes for their capacity fading. † Electronic supplementary information (ESI) available.
Initially, a small solid-solution region is noticed for a Dx = 0.2 moles of Li-ion intercalation into the NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 anode with subtle changes in the lattice parameters (F A : Li 0-0.2 Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 ).
This approach provides profound insights into materials design and development, equipping us with a robust tool for exploring potential performance enhancements and expanding applications of NASICON-type compounds.
Moreover, S-NMO showed excellent humidity tolerance, and the feasibility of the water-mediated strategy was further demonstrated by extending to other sodium layered oxides. 7K-Q] using a molten-salt-based method .
Based on the results of this study, it is expected that further research will be conducted in the future to design and manufacture optimal NASICON compositions with higher ionic conductivities and relative density.
For MnHCF organic Na-ion battery, it's wildly known that a monoclinic MnHCF phase will experience a phase transformation: form monoclinic/rhombohedra to cubic/tetragonal, during the insertion/extraction of cations.
In this aim, a lot of studies about the sodium storage mechanisms are based on the preparation of hard carbons with different pyrolysis temperatures, and their physico-chemical and electrochemical characterization.
A delicate coordination structure between the TMO 2 and NaO 2 slabs in the O3-type layered cathode may contribute to the reversibility of the O3-P3 phase transition and inhibit the cation migration behavior 15,16 .
While the theoretical specific energy of PBAs-based sodium-ion batteries can exceed 160 Wh kg -1 with advanced engineering, currently available commercial batteries of this type typically deliver 100-120 Wh kg -1 .
First, the high potential (vs. standard hydrogen electrode (SHE)) from the typical transition-metal redox reaction in PBA materials suggests their employment as cathode in Na-ion batteries, as in previous reports .
Based on a screening of commercially relevant SIB active materials, the volumetric and gravimetric energy content is modeled for large-format pouch and prismatic cells, as well as varying cathode coating thickness.
Given the rapid progress of SIB technology, we anticipate the emergence of a series of NVPF cathode materials with superior electrochemical properties in the near future, paving the way for commercial applications.
Furthermore, these 2D layers are stack together by weak van der Waals attraction providing a large interlayer spacing (0.615 nm vs. 0.335 nm of graphite) along C-axis which can eventually accommodate large Na-ions.
Among different cathode materials, hard carbon is regarded the most potential cathode material for commercialization because of its low operating voltage, large specific capacity, and excellent cycling steadiness .
The Co-PBA is one of the promising cathode materials for lithium-ion/sodium-ion secondary batteries 4-14 , because Na + can be electrochemically intercalated into (deintercalated from) the nanopores of the network.
Herein, following the sublimation of red phosphorus and subsequent deposition upon cooling, a phosphide layer was constructed on the surface of the hard carbon derived from de-lignied bamboo powder as a precursor.
As a result, to predict the reduction potential of new quinone-based SIB cathode candidate materials, we employed the hybrid DFT-calculated gas-phase LUMOenergy of the optimized reactant molecules as shown in eqn .
F doping can improve the electrochemical performance of carbonaceous SIB anodes, but conventional methods of F doping are inefficient, and the F-doping content in a carbonaceous matrix is usually less than 10 at.%.
Herein, we report a yolk-shell structure composed of N,P co-doped carbon as the shell and CoP nanowires as the yolk (YS-CoP@NPC) for a hierarchically nanoarchitectured anode for improved sodium storage performance.
The cumulative irreversible strains increased linearly with the square root of cycling time, where the slope was found to be similar to our previous work on NaFePO 4 cycled under similar electrochemical conditions.
Thus, in this work, we focus on the study of MnHCF in organic Na-ion battery and aqueous Zn-ion battery and try to comprehensively study the influence of MnHCF framework and crystal structure change during cycling.
Clearly, the intensity of the peak corresponding to the C-C bond was reduced after discharging to 0.005 V and then increased after charging to 3 V, indicating that our SCs had good reversibility for Na-ion storage.
NASICON frameworks are appealing as electrodes and solid-electrolytes 24,25 for Li-and Na-ion battery applications owing to their higher chemical, structural and thermal stabilities, and higher Na-ion conductivity.
The P3-type Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and Oxygen-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 show stable cycling performance in the voltage range 1.8-3.8 V where the electrochemical reaction is entirely based on the Mn 3+ /Mn 4+ redox couple.
The capacity retention of DHC-1400 after 200 cycles was 89.3% , which is lower than 92.9% of HC-1400. bioresources.cnr.ncsu.edu Jiang et al. . "Sodium ion battery mater. from wood," BioResources 20, 235-247. 244 2.
However, achieving uniform micro-spherical hard carbons with low porosity and larger interlayer graphitic spacing is challenging to accommodate sodium ions at higher rates with high plateau capacity and better ICE.
All these morphological differences also create different electrode architecture and dynamics, which have considerable influence on sodium ion storage mechanism and the electrode's behaviour during battery cycling.
EIS is a technique to measure the internal resistance of working electrode material and determine the circuitry and corresponding resistance between the electrolyte and the electrode, like hard carbon in this case.
Ag/AgCl), high sodium ion storage capacity (268.8 mAh g -1 at 0.2 A g -1 ), good stability (84.2% after 2000 cycles at 1 A g -1 ) and outstanding rate capability (216 mAh g -1 at 20 A g -1 ) in 2 M NaOH electrolyte.
Though the Si-doped c-Na 3 PS 4 and Na 3 PSe 4 solid electrolytes have higher measured conductivities than c-Na 3 PS 4 , their room-temperature performance in a full ss-SIB cell has not yet been demonstrated 14,29 .
The various biomass compositions and structures crucially influence the process yield, surface area, elemental composition (bulk and surface), structural disorder, and impurity content of the resulting hard carbons.
In recent years, research efforts focused on improving the cyclability of anode-free sodium-ion batteries from the perspective of various cell components: cathode, negative substrate, electrolyte, and cell assembly.
These findings differ from the conventional thought that sodium ions always lead to more severe fractures in the electrode than lithium ions, which could have impact in advancing development of sodium-ion batteries.
This indicates that there isn't any Na entering the hard carbon material within the graphitic domains or the closed pores as this would cause a decrease in SANS intensity (see SLD calculations section in the ESI †).
It is obvious that potassium plays an important role during the hard carbon pyrolysis process, and the patterns of structural evolution of biomassderived HC in the CTS method and TFH method are summarized in Fig. 2.
Nickel disulphide (NiS 2 ) was prepared using a facile and scalable method without any carbon coating and employed as anode material for sodium-ion batteries using a Cu current collector and a DME-based electrolyte.
No apparent differences in charge/discharge capacities or average redox potentials were observed, indicating the independence of sodium storage behaviors for Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 cathodes on the electrolyte systems.
Cointercalation reactions endowed graphite electrodes with a remarkable reversibility and fast sodium intercalation kinetics, opening the new avenue toward exploiting graphite as a promising anode for advanced SIBs.
In this work, the t NA+ is determined via a DC polarization test , from the current curve obtained in the Fig. 6.c, considering the initial value of the current (I 0 ) and the stationary value of the current (I s ).
The low reversible capacity of LSPB is mainly due to structural deficiencies, including a high density of Fe(CN) 6 vacancies, which reduce active sites for sodium-ion insertion and extraction, limiting its capacity.
Results obtained from the present study indicate that reducing the overall concentration of the Q 0 (3Al) units and limiting the distribution of alumina sites might improve the Na-ion conductivity in the NCAP glass.
The basis for the superior Na-ion storage properties of the composite nanofibers compared to those of their bare counterparts was determined by performing EIS measurements before and after cycling of the nanofibers.
Due to the huge abundance of the element ''sodium'' in the earth crust, some researchers consider that Na-ion batteries would open a new era of batteries in terms of their abundancy, sustainability, and lower-cost .
The favorable high-entropy effect in HE-NVPF promotes the realization of a significant increase in the average voltage plateau (from 3.67 to 3.81 V), greatly improving the sodium storage capacity and energy density.
This review focuses on how synthetic techniques and diverse carbon precursors influence the morphology, porosity, and electrochemical performance of micro-spherical hard carbons as anode materials for SIBs and PIBs.
In contrast, Na-ion insertion results in large volume expansion and fracture in NIB, whereas Na-ion extraction only induces the volume shrinkage with negligible pulverization and maintains microstructural integrity.
In the case of Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 (Figure 6b), the Mn 3+ /Mn 4+ redox at the lowest voltage is significantly smaller, while the oxidation and reduction peak at 2.3 and 2.1 V, respectively, dominates below 3.8 V.
Within this work, we have demonstrated the signicance of charge ordering within the transition metal slab on the presence and extent of Na + /vacancy orderings in P2-type cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
As an SIB anode, the composite sustained a high capacity (442 mAh g -1 over 200 cycles at 1 A g -1 ) and an excellent rate capacity (448 mAh g -1 at 5.0 A g -1 ) that outperformed pure Sb 2 S 3 and SnS@C composites.
Iron/manganese-based layered transition metal oxides have emerged as competitive cathode candidates for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) due to their high theoretical capacity and naturally abundant constituent elements.
Using the Pourbaix Atlas as a general guide, it is seen that Si-O and Zr-O bonds are generally unstable at pH > 12. 25,26 To simplify our initial studies, we consider rst NaSICON containing no Si: NaZr 2 P 3 O 12 .
Despite this reduction, sodium carbonate remains far more cost-effective and ranges from $150 to $250 per metric ton, highlighting the substantial economic advantage of SIB materials over lithium-based alternatives.
According to Qiu et al., 22 region I mainly refers to the process of Na + adsorption onto the pores of hard carbon materials, and it represents the intercalation process of the Na + ions between the graphene layers.
In particular, von-Alpen-type NASICON (vA-NASICON) compounds with a composition of Na 3.1 Zr 1.55 Si 2.3 P 0.7 O 11 (x = 2.3) exhibited ionic conductivities in the order of magnitude of approximately 10 -3 S•cm -1 .
Therefore, the partial transformation to the rhombohedral phase as well as the increase of the Na + concentration can improve σ b of the NASICON; the increase in σ b of the Mg 0.05 NZSP is attributed to this reason.
To explore the magnetic character, we performed spinpolarized geometry optimization of the M1, M2, and O phases of NaMnO₂, and depicted the ferromagnetic (FM) and antiferromagnetic (AFM) configurations in Figure S4.
The structure of hard carbon, often described as a "house of cards" model, consists of highly curved and defective graphene nanosheets that are randomly oriented and loosely stacked with large interlayer distances .
In general, the theoretical specific capacity of NVPFO y compounds ranges from 128 mAh g -1 (when y = 0) to 130 mAh g -1 (when y = 2), as only two sodium ions are reversibly utilized during charge/discharge process.
Among these materials are Prussian blue analogues, particularly a sodium hexacyanoferrate, Prussian white (PW), with a general formula of Na 2-x Fe[Fe(CN) 6 ] 1-y •□ y •mH 2 O (□-Fe(CN) 6 vacancies, y-their number).
Recently, as sodium-ion batteries have been studied extensively, transition metal oxides , polyanionic compounds , Prussian blue analogs , layered oxides and other cathode materials for SIBs have been smoothly made.
Ultimately, this paper aims to provide a comprehensive understanding of the key role electrode materials play in driving the future of SIB technology and what advancements are needed to realize their full potential.
Therefore, the developed all-PBA Na-ion battery system provides a unique opportunity for dramatically decreasing the cost for grid-scale energy storage (see Supplementary Notes 1 and 2 for detailed cost estimation).
The phase transition from highly conductive monoclinic phase to rhombohedral structure, where sodium ions are less mobile, may explain the increase in activation energy of previously annealed IDEs at 200 and 300 °C.
For Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 (Figure 6a), two reduction peaks at around 1.9 and 2.1 V are observed on the first cycle where the positive potential was applied from OCV to 3.3 V followed by negative potential to 1.8 V.
Spectra obtained during the sloping region of the sodiation curve were found to be largely dominated by diffusion processes, which became less relevant or simpler the more sodium was accommodated in the hard carbon.
Such relatively high fraction of conductive carbons such as CB are generally used for P-based electrodes in Na-ion batteries to provide sufficient electronic conductivity and mechanical stability of the electrodes .
Herein, we present a study on the utilization of bismuth nanosheets (bismuth NSs) as a promising material for Na-ion batteries, which were synthesized using the molten saltassisted aluminum thermal reduction method.
NaNi0.7Co0.2Al0.1O2 can be demonstrated as a solid solution between NaCoO2 and NaNiO2 with Al-doped in Co site, which is a promising cathode material due to its improved stabilities and electrochemical performances.
The morphology was spontaneously constructed without growth modifiers via the instantaneous precipitation of the Prussian blue analog with a hexagonal crystal structure under a specific range of reaction conditions.
Little effort has been addressed to modeling and simulation of this material, which is surprising given that it is one of the most often experimentally investigated cathode materials for future sodium-ion batteries.
This leads to reasonable rate capability (Fig. 7d), with over 40 mA h g À1 being retained even at the high rate of 1 A g À1 , which is higher than any other report for Mo-based MXenes in Na-ion systems (Table S3 †).
However, for lower rate applications, larger pores might be preferable, in which the energetically-competitive sites for sodium insertion within the nanopores might create a buffer against sodium dendrite formation.
See Na-ion batteries (NIBs) are attracting widespread interest as a potentially more convenient alternative to current state-of-the-art Li-ion batteries (LIBs), chiefly for large-scale energy storage from renewables.
The migration paths and the corresponding activation energies for sodium ion migrations were determined by using the climbing image nudged elastic band (NEB) method as implemented in the neb.x code of the QE package.
ICP results revealed that "x" values were approximately 0.33 for NaNMF-900, NaNMF-950, and NaNMF-1000, which indicate that the phases formed were sodium deficient phases as expected for P2-type sodium-based cathodes.
In contrast, the average D Na+ for both samples are around 10 -11 cm 2 s -1 in the high-voltage range of 4.05-4.3 V, where the charge compensation is mainly contributed by the anionic redox (O 2-/O 2 n-) (1 ≤ n ≤ 3).
Except the high kinetics as previously reported , the spherical hard carbon with, weak plasticity, curved charging plateau as well as the low contact surface is utilized to synergistically improve the anode kinetics.
Here we show that one-step carbonisation of melamine-terephthalaldehyde mixtures, both low-cost chemicals available on an industrial scale, yields carbons with promising properties as anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
Hard carbon electrodes were prepared with a composition of 90 wt% of active material (CC@1400 °C), 5 wt% conductive carbon Super C65 (Timcal) and 5 wt% polyvinylidene uoride (PVdF, Aldrich), unless stated otherwise.
Therefore, it is noteworthy that the interplay between a 3 , l R , B fl , S/m, and l c /l p , observed in this study, contributes to the sodium ion storage, highlighting the primary alterations in the plateau region.
In this work, the use of low levels of N, N-diethyltrimethylsilylamine (DETMSA), as an electrolyte additive, shows an improvement in the stability and cycle life of a hard carbon vs. layered oxide sodium-ion battery.
These materials are considered as potential cathode candidates for sodium-ion batteries because of their excellent electrochemical performance, favorable crystal structures, and good thermal and structural stability.
• Bi 2 Se 3 was investigated as a novel sodium-ion battery anode material. • Sodiation/desodiation mechanism of Bi 2 Se 3 has been carefully investigated. • Bi 2 Se 3 /C electrode demonstrates high cycling stability.
Indeed, a common method of enhancing the conductivity of the established NASICON-type conductor lithium germanium phosphate is with a heterovalent doping scheme: 5,6 Li-Ge 2 (PO 4 ) 3 → Li 1+X Al X Ge 2-X (PO 4 ) 3 .
Electrochemical performance of the various hard carbons as electrode materials for supercapacitors was estimated using a three-electrode system in 6 M KOH solution and the typical measured curves are given in Fig. 9.
Beyond layered materials, tunnel-type 80 and spinelstructured materials have also garnered significant interest due to their unique 3D crystallographic structures and expanded tunnels for sodium insertion/extraction.
For comparison with HC-1400 from two-step synthesis, namely hydrothermal treatment of wood and carbonization at 1400 C, hard carbon from direct carbonization at 1400 C of wood was synthesized and named as DHC-1400.
Here, we demonstrate a practical method to obtain FeNiOOH nanosheets on nickel foam (NF) as bifunctional electrocatalyst by growing a FeCo Prussian blue analog with further in situ oxidation under ambient conditions.
It is well admitted that the thermodynamically stable Na x MO 2 structure type depends on the Na content with P3-, P2-then O3-type usually obtained when sodium content x increases respectively from 1/2, to 2/3 and 1.
Synchrotron X-ray diffraction (S-XRD) studies reveal that the charged state (NaFeP 2 O 7 ) undergoes a phase transition at 560 1C, transforming from the b-phase (triclinic, P% 1) to the a-phase (monoclinic, P2 1 /c).
Overall, the in-situ synchrotron XRD characterization further confirms that the P2/P3-NaMNO sample exhibits a better structural stability, which should be attributed to the distinctive P2/P3 interphase configuration.
The cause of this could be a result of the relatively lower ionic conductivity of NaBOB-TEP electrolyte, resulting in mostly active material close to the macro surface of the electrodes contributing with sodium ions.
Consequently, CSS, as a scalable and environmentally friendly method, can produce a binder-free electrode in just a few minutes, demonstrating its great potential in the industrial production of sodium-ion batteries.
The two curves of the fourth and the fifth cycle basically overlap, demonstrating the reversible intercalation/deintercalation of sodium ion into/from WS 2 is more and more stable with the charge/discharge processes.
Whatman glass fiber (Whatman, GF/A), N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (NMP), sodium metal (Na, 99%), p-phenylenediamine (C 6 H 4 (NH 2 ) 2 , 98%), and terephaladehyde (C 6 H 4 (CHO) 2 , 97%), were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich.
Electrochemical tests reveal superior performance of the P/O biphasic materials in a sodium ion battery compared to the single P2 or O3 phases, proving the beneficial effect of the intergrowth of P2 and O3 materials.
During the first discharge process, the composite electrode delivered a relatively high specific capacity of about 600 mAh/g, which is attributed from the Na-ion insertion into the WS 2 and the formation of SEI film.
The influence of Zn doping on the electrochemical performance of other Mn-based cathode materials were also investigated, and P2-type Na 2/3 MnO 2 , O3-type NaMnO 2 , and their Zn-doped counterparts were synthesized.
Capacity results from ''diamagnetic'' sodium ions first adsorbing onto pore surfaces, defects and between expanded layers, before pooling into larger quasi-metallic clusters/ expanded carbon sheets at lower voltages.
Generally, two kinds of sodium-ion storage modes exist in the electrochemical system, the pseudocapacitive process derived from the surface reaction, and diffusion controlled process contributed by the intercalation.
Hu et al. 30 and used as a high performance anode in Na-ion batteries with high discharge capacities of 350 mA h g À1 at a current density of 0.05 A g À1 , 300 mA h g À1 at 1 A g À1 , and 195 mA h g À1 at 10 A g À1 .
Carbon coating can provide conducting network and stabilize the SEI formation by restraining sodium ions, thus resulting in improved capacity utilization as well as initial coulombic efficiency and rate performances.
Among various rechargeable batteries, Na-ion batteries (NIBs) stand out as promising alternatives to state-of-the-art lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), because of the abundance of sodium resources versus scarce lithium .
A good understanding of the mechanism allowed optimisation of cycling conditions in a proofof-concept all-carbon full cell incorporating reduced graphene oxide and hard carbon as a cathode and an anode, respectively.
Temperature, °C σ (NaPF 6 ), mS cm -1 σ (NaPCPI), mS cm -1 σ (NaTCP), mS cm -1 σ (NaTIM), mS cm -1 The electrochemical stability of electrolytes is a key parameter in terms of its application in sodium-ion batteries.
However, uneven sodium ion movement in bulk sodium anodes results in local deposition/dissolution of sodium through high speed plating/stripping behavior, followed by serious dendrite growth and loose accumulation. 2.
In this context, in the past several years, the authors' research team has focused on developing new compounds and evaluating them as positive and negative electrode materials for both lithiumand sodium-ion batteries.
It can be seen that the NaMNO 2 undergoes a severe voltage fade and further specific capacity decay during cycling, which are characteristic features of Liexcess cathodes that also involve oxygen anionic redox 37,38 .
In situ powder x-ray diffraction measurements, a single-phase intercalation/deintercalation mechanism of the NASICON structure in the measured sodium concentration window was observed with no impurity phase formation.
The Arrhenius plots of the Na-ion diffusivities of Na2.5M0.5Zr0.5Cl6 were obtained using AIMD calculations, as shown in Figure 5 for Na2.5Cr0.5Zr0.5Cl6 (NCZC), Na2.5Er0.5Zr0.5Cl6 (NEZC), and Na2.5Gd0.5Zr0.5Cl6 (NGZC).
By conducting an operando SANS experiment, we have identied three distinct regions in the discharge prole of a hard-carbonbased sodium-ion battery, which we have assigned to different sodium-ion insertion processes.
Subsequent intercalation (0.5-0.1 V) and pore-filling stages (< 0.1 V) further reduced τ 2 and τ 3 through sodium-ion insertion into carbon interlayers and formation of quasi-metallic sodium clusters within nanopores.
When applied as the anode in sodium-ion batteries, the a-Sb 2 S 3 @CuSbS 2 electrode exhibits excellent performance with a high discharge capacity of 506.7 mA h g À1 at a current density of 50 mA g À1 after 50 cycles.
In recent years, sodium-ion batteries have developed rapidly for the sake of their similar principles and easy access to sodium resources, and are regarded as being able to replace lithium-ion batteries in the future.
Their performance as Li-ion and Na-ion battery negative electrodes was assessed by galvanostatic cycling in half cells vs. the metal, giving good performance in both cases and remarkable stability in the sodium cells.
Nitrogen doping will significantly improve the electrochemical performance of NPC-800, which can enhance the surface reactivity of Na-ion storage sites and increase the electronic conductivity of the carbon materials.
For full-cell equipment, the hard carbon anode was blending with PVDF 10% and acetylene black 10%, then coating on copper foil with average loading density of 0.7-1.2 mg cm -2 and dried under vacuum at 80 °C for 12 h.
This work provides a new perspective on the phase change mechanism of transition metal dichalcogenides and valuable theoretical insights for the development of doped MoS 2 nanomaterials in Na-ion battery applications.
The van der Waals force is estimated by the density functional theories between the organic electrodes in the lithium ion batteries but not improved to apply same method in the sodium ion batteries organic electrodes.
On the other hand, this study showcases the efficacy of the applied methodology for large-scale screening, enabling the exploration of extensive congurational spaces of NaSICONs and other materials promising as SSEs.
Emerging sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) devices hold the promise to leapfrog over existing lithium-ion batteries technologies with respect to desirable power/energy densities and the abundant sodium sources on the earth.
Sodium metal counter electrodes were prepared by rolling-out a Na metal chunk into a foil, first placed within a plastic bag before rolling on a glass pane. 18 mm diameter disks of Na metal were punched from the foil.
The sodiation energy was calculated using the equation: Where E sub+Na is the energy of the relaxed substrate-Na system, E sub is the energy of substrate, and E Na-BCC is the per atom cohesive energy BCC sodium metal.
Notably, NFMMT, characterized by a pronounced Na-ion concentration gradient, displays a marked stress distribution (especially in the fully charged state), which is a key contributor to rapid capacity decay (Fig. 7d).
Currently, the active materials used for the cathodes of ARSIBs primarily include Mn-based oxides, polyanionic compounds, Prussian blue analogues (PBAs), metal organic frameworks (MOFs), and organic polymer materials.
The low charge-transfer resistance of the electrode was maintained even after 50 cycles due to the high structural stability of the FeSe x -rGO composite powders for repeated sodium-ion charge and discharge processes.
When sodium ions diffuse into the micropores, Dr is expected to decrease as the electrons carried by the sodium ions create an additional contrast that decreases the electron density variation arising from micropores.
Rechargeable sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have garnered significant attention as a promising option for large-scale electrochemical energy storage due to the abundance and lower cost of sodium compared to lithium 1-3 .
Recent studies on biomass-derived hard carbon and rapid charging of graphite anodes have provided valuable insights that can be leveraged to enhance the fast-charging performance of biomass-derived hard carbon anodes.
There are two stages of sodiation in hard carbon, the first follows a sloping voltage profile and is thought to be intercalation between the turbostatic graphene layers, the second is a voltage plateau near to 0 V vs.
The pressed cylinder was buried in NaSICON precursor powder containing a 5 % excess of Na3PO4, within a P-A1203 crucible and covered before sintering in air at 1230 °C for 12 h with a 5 °C min-1 ramp and cooling rate.
Finally, we added pentacyano(4-vinyl pyridine)ferrite functionality (i.e., Prussian blue analogues) on the microgels by a ligand exchange reaction between 4-vinylpyridine and pentacyanomonoammonium ferrite (Scheme 1).
As shown in Fig. 7(e) and (f), the treated hard carbon displayed a suppressive potential hysteresis and a remarkable low-potential-platform capacity with 164 mA h g À1 (stable plateau capacity contributions of 60.3%).
Similarly, few transition metal oxides such as Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 , 16 TiO 2 , 17 and Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 have 18 been investigated as potential Na-ion hosts with moderate capacities (100-170 mA h g -1 ) and limited cycle life.
The SEM images show a fibre structure of the hard carbon, reflecting the original morphology of the cellulose, with EDX mapping indicating that the silicon and nitrogen were uniformly distributed onto the hard carbon.
S5a, SI), the transmission electron microscopy (TEM) images and corresponding elemental mapping (Fig. 1e) of the 3 wt% P-HC further corroborate the uniform distribution of phosphorus on the surface of the hard carbon.
Comparative analysis with standard PDF cards revealed that all diffraction peaks were well indexed to the R-3c space group, consistent with the rhombic NASICON framework structure, and no impurity peaks were observed.
The disappearance of the sloping part on NGC2000 and NGC2500 is interesting for the mechanistic understanding of sodium storage in NGC, as only the contribution of sodium storage over the plateau will be investigated.
Compared to other NASICON-PEO systems, the sharp and intense peaks in the XRD pattern suggest a well-defined LSPO structure, distinguishing it from systems where peak broadening occurs due to poor ceramic dispersion .
A correlation between the microstructure and sodium storage behaviour was established with ex situ 23 Na NMR spectroscopy, X-ray and neutron scattering, and supported with density functional theory (DFT) calculations.
Moreover, the intrinsic high ionic conductivity of NASICON-type compounds, as well as the improved electronic conductivity after composting with carbonaceous materials, will contribute to the superior rate capability.
Our work demonstrates a successful room temperature deposition of dense NaSICON electrolyte films on different substrates, which is promising for stationary energy storage applications of solid-state-sodium batteries.
It is active that the epoxy novolac resin as the hard carbon source and coated rGO for LIBs have shown the outstanding stability and rate capability due to via constructing the conductive network (Zhang et al., 2015).
The ndings underscore the viability of using olive pomace, a readily available and carbon-rich byproduct, in the synthesis of hard carbon, which exhibits favorable electrochemical properties and structural integrity.
In order to further investigate the energy storage mechanism of high-entropy MOFs, the sodium storage active sites were analyzed by theoretical calculations, taking high-entropy MOFs (Mn content of 60%) as an example.
Electrochemistry, 87, 175-181 We investigated the performance of HC/NaCrO 2 full cells in Na[FSA]-[C 3 C 1 pyrr][FSA] ionic liquid electrolytes with various sodium-ion concentrations (x(Na[FSA]) = 0.20-0.50) at 333 K.
Sodium-ion batteries were made from a sodium metal anode, sodium titanium phosphate cathode (NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , NTP), and 1 M NaPF 6 in bis(2-methoxyethyl) ether (diethylene glycol dimethyl ether, DEGDME) electrolyte.
Our detailed analysis provides a deeper understanding of how the material's structure influences its electrochemical performance, paving the way for its practical use as a promising cathode in future SIB technologies.
Because the charge was used to reduce the electrolyte at the anode, the HC anode material was partially reduced and just accepted a small amount of sodium ion from the cathode, leading to the low capacity of the cell.
This process is a critical parameter for the performance of hard carbon materials as it determines the amount of Na + ions consumed during the initial sodiation and controls/determines the subsequent cell performance.
To examine the electrochemical performance of the three synthesized materials and DTP-Na, these compounds were used as active materials in the anodes and coupled with the sodium metal as the counter electrode in NIBs.
Only by applying continuous efforts to optimize electrochemical performance through synthesis using in situ characterization can Na-ion LTMOs emerge as an attractive candidate for beyond Li-ion technology in practice.
Our work creates a versatile synthesis approach for high-capacity oxide cathode materials by advancing conventional synthesis conditions, thereby propelling advancements in sodium-ion battery research and development.
This can be explained by the effect of Ce ions entering into the lattice of NCMO material, which has induced the lattice defects, and then provides more paths to facilitate the sodium ions to diffuse in the composites.
However, when compared to the performance for Na-ion cells, Na 3.12 Co 2.44 (P 2 O 7 ) 2 exhibited a larger polarization and poorer capacity retention for Li-ion cells, as shown in the dQ/dV plots (Fig. 3(b) and 5(b)).
By controlling the hydrothermal temperature and procedure, the N1 (Na 0.46 MnO 2 •0.61H 2 O), N2 (Na 0.71 MnO 2 •0.32H 2 O), and N3 (NaMnO 2 •0.10H 2 O) samples with various Na and crystal water contents were obtained.
In particular, transmission Mössbauer spectroscopy (TMS) studies revealed that only high-spin Fe 3+ ions are observed in all as-obtained samples (pristine and in various states of sodium intercalation/deintercalation).
Compared with FArGO, the reversible sodium storage capacities of ILrGO and HBrGO are lower at the same current density due to their thicker graphene layer stacks, smaller SSA and pore volumes, and lower defect degrees.
The NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 anode is expected to reversibly exchange three moles of Li-and Na-ions through redox activities of Nb 5+ /Nb 4+ and Nb 4+ /Nb 3+ centers, leading to a theoretical capacity of ∼171 mA h g -1 .
More recently, Qu et al. reported that SnS 2 /reduced graphene oxide composite as SIB anode materials delivered an initial capacity of 630 mA h g 21 and an unvarying capacity of 500 mA h g 21 even after 400 cycles 19 .
Nevertheless, the larger ionic radius and higher atomic weight of sodium pose significant challenges in developing high-performance electrodes with desirable electrochemical performance in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) .
A composite electrolyte consisting of sodium super ionic conductor (NASICON) LiSn2P3O12 (LSPO) and a polymer electrolyte (80:20 polyethylene oxide (PEO) with LiTFSI salt) was prepared using the solution casting method.
Note that the standard electrode potentials of Li and Na are E Li = ¹3.03 V and E Na = ¹2.713 V, and the electrochemical potential of electrode materials is about 0.32 V lower in a SIB half-cell than in a LIB halfcell.
This phase is assigned to P3-type monoclinic, having an interlayer distance larger than that of O3-type layer structure, continues to strengthen and become the dominant after the full desodiation (Figure S6b, point 3).
However, the Na-ion insertion and desertion mechanisms of NiSe 2 have not been identified in previous studies and therefore, the electrochemical reaction of NiSe 2 for Na-ion storage was estimated from that of NiS 28 .
Promising alternatives for sodium ion battery negative electrodes are ternary alkali titanates, some of which have layered or tunnel structures that reversibly intercalate sodium ions at low potentials (~0.3 -0.6 V vs.
Recently, Bruce and co-workers 18 reported that oxygen coordinated by three cations in the transition metal layers is essential to stabilize the labile oxygen avoiding oxygen loss upon desodiation in P2-type materials.
In contrast, the curves for LiCoO 2 and NaCoO 2 are mostly smooth but both contain a sharp cusp between the O1 and O3 minima that corresponds to an abrupt change in the intercalant position as the structure is sheared.
By demonstrating both high performance and reliability, these NASICON compounds emerge as strong candidates for integration into cutting-edge devices, further validating the approach used in their design and synthesis.
The storage capacity of the ReN 2 monolayer is 751 mA h g -1 or 250 mA h g -1 if taken as Na-ion and K-ion anode materials, and the corresponding ion diffusion barrier, 0.027 eV for Na or 0.127 eV for K, is very small.
The bond distances of V/Fe-O, P-O, and Na-O are within an acceptable range and comparable to those found in other compounds with NASICON structure, suggesting the accuracy of the renement in determining the structure.
In contrast, P2-type materials are deficient in sodium content (x ~ 0.6-0.8), generally have low capacity with abnormal initial coulombic efficiency, and may require the additional sodium to achieve full-cell assembly.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) represent a promising alternative, garnering attention for applications in energy storage systems and low-speed electric vehicles due to the abundance of sodium resources and their low cost.
Optimized chemical pretreatment method facilitates the synthesis of biomass-based hard carbon with rich porosity at lower carbonization temps (900-1300 °C), yielding cost-effective and high-performance anode materials.
The introduced phosphate coating enhanced Na-ion diffusion kinetics, resulting in a cathode with a rate capability (110.0 mAh g -1 at 0.5 C) comparable to that of NFMMT/NaCaPO 4 but slightly inferior cycling stability.
This article summarizes the advantages and disadvantages of SIB and points out the problems encountered in current sodium-ion battery research by reviewing the research progress of sodium-ion battery cathode materials.
Taken together, the sodium storage behaviors in hard carbon materials mainly include: adsorption on surfaces, defect sites, and functional groups; filling of micropores; and intercalation of graphitized carbon layers .
Na + diffusion coefficients (D Na+ ) where τ (s), m B (g), M B (g mol -1 ) and V M (mL mol -1 ) are the pulse duration, the mass, the molar mass and the molar volume of the active material, namely carbon, respectively.
From the data in Table 2, a large increase of the diffusion coefficient is observed for NVPF-0.5, which involves that the porous morphology of this sample facilitates the migration of sodium ions through the structure.
The development of Na-ion batteries over the past few decades has been limited by the remarkable developments of Li-ion batteries for high power density applications, such as those of the mobile electronics industry '.
Hence, we have demonstrated highly stable aqueous Na-ion battery technology, the rate capability and energy efficiency of which are excellent, which in turn makes it very suitable for large energy storage applications.
First, the computed sodium diffusion barriers in bulk Na x Si 24 indicate that sodium ions are expected to be only moderately mobile, likely leading to too sluggish kinetics for competitive electrochemical performance.
From the above results, the MnS 0.5 Se 0.5 @N-CNF exhibits a stepwise electrochemical process, with synergistic effects between the conversion and Na-ion (de)intercalation reactions, as visually represented in Fig. 3l.
The simple process developed in this study could be applied in the preparation of uniquely structured metal selenide-rGO composite powders with various compositions for wide applications including sodium-ion batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted a great deal of attention as potential low-cost energy storage alternatives to Lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) due to the intrinsic safety and great abundance of sodium on Earth.
For example, Bommier et al. 28 used sucrose to prepare hard carbons with a wide range of N2 SSAs, implying two strategies: different pyrolysis temperatures and CO2 activation at various temperatures and time durations.
Additionally, it delivers a high reversible specific capacity of 130 mA h g À1 at 0.1C, corresponding to an energy density of approximately 405 W h kg À1 , surpassing most polyanionic cathodes for sodium-ion batteries.
Dynamic changes in the local pH values in the close vicinity of the electrodes under high-voltage operation of aqueous batteries were identified with Prussian blue-type electrodes in a concentrated NaClO 4 electrolyte.
Additionally, the properties of the ultralong uniform Ag 6 Mo 10 O 33 mesowires for the sodium storage are investigated via cyclic voltammetry, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy and galvanostatic charge-discharge.
The study of the ball-milling effect on commercial Prussian white active material was conducted to investigate ways to improve its electrochemical properties as a cathode material for rechargeable sodium-ion batteries.
Similar to other SIB anodes, sulfides experience the problems of structural degradation upon repeated Na + ion insertion/extraction due to sudden large volume change, causing detrimentally impact to the cycle life 19 .
The working electrode (WE) comprised the respective hard carbon, carbon black Super P™ (as conductive agent), and sodium carboxymethyl cellulose (Na-CMC; as binder) at mass fractions of 0.8, 0.1, and 0.1, respectively.
The ionic conductivity of each NASICON was measured at various temperatures (Supplementary Fig. 6), revealing typical Arrhenius behavior, and the extracted activation energies are plotted in the bottom panel of Fig. 3.
The result indicates that TiHCF is a good candidate for Na-ion batteries, meanwhile, the two well separated Fe 3+ /Fe 2+ and Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ redox peaks enable TiHCF can be a possible bipolar material in Na-ion batteries.
Since the size of sodium ions is much larger than that of lithium ions, the volume changes during the sodiation and desodiation processes will not be well accommodated compared to lithiation and delithiation processes.
The comprehensive overview aims to assist scholars in comprehending the characteristics of the three cathode materials and conducting associated studies, thereby advancing the progress of sodium-ion battery technology.
To achieve better anode materials for sodium ion batteries, a nitrogen-doped TiO 2 (B) nanorod structure is developed utilizing hydrothermal treatment, ion exchange and a subsequent low temperature calcination process.
The improvements of the electrochemistry performance may be attributed to promoted interfacial chargetransfer kinetics of high conductivity TiS 2 and increased sodium storage sites at the TiS 2 /TiO 2 grain boundaries.
Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) have attracted considerable interest for application in catalysis and energy conversion because of their easy syntheses, adjustable structures, and promising electrochemical properties 30 .
It is suggested to test the compatibility, including interfacial electrochemistry, Na + intercalation kinetics and cycling performance, of carbonate-SL electrolytes towards SIB anode as well as other cathode materials.
In addition, the weight loss near 300 and 450 °C were due to the decomposition of NaFSA 24 and carbonization of PVDF. 25 In this study, a PE with the ratio of 1 : 2, which has a high sodium ion concentration, was used.
XRD patterns of H-1500 and M-1500 have two peaks at about 23°and 43°, corresponding to the and crystal planes of disordered graphite domains, respectively, which are typical characteristics of hard carbon (Fig. 2a) 3 .
For example, when x = 0.2 (Na x ZrCl 4+x ), Na-ion in the Na 0.2 ZrCl 4.2 structure occupies only 5% of the total ion sites, while the concentrations of Na and Cl vacant sites reach 95% and 30%, respectively (Fig. 2g).
During the discharge process, the b-value gradually reduced from 70.5 to 10.7 as the sodium-ion started penetrating through the stable SEI layer into the MnS species under the influence of the driving reaction in Eq. .
This mechanism, which has not been reported for Na or Li ion insertion-extraction in anatase TiO 2 , can help understand this promising electrode material and develop safe sodium-ion batteries with high energy density.
Understanding the advantages and drawbacks of these synthesis methods, and how they can be manipulated to control morphology, is thus integral for the optimization of Na-ion LTMO materials for future commercialization.
To better highlight the function of amorphous composition on tuning the microstructure of hard carbon, the pristine H-wood and the treated wood-AT were carbonized at 1700 °C to prepare H-1700 and AT-1700, respectively.
After the sulfidation process, sodium species are incorporated into the final materials as a heteroatom after fulfilling the mission of adjusting the phase transition, which is highly preferred for sodium storage (Fig.
Sometimes price has a lot more to say, and then sodium-ion batteries can be better," Brennhagen says. "For now, lithium-ion batteries are so cheap, and that technology is well developed, so it's easier to go for it." .
Following the method of Schmidt et al., 31 data from symmetrical cell measurements is compared to hard carbon/sodium half-cell experiments and the processes are assigned to the respective cell components and processes.
Despite the aforementioned advantages, the larger mass of the sodium ion in addition to the lower operating voltage can result in higher costs per unit energy for sodium-ion LTMOs compared to lithium-ion counterparts .
We believe that the approach that we have used in this study, for the preparation of SnS/C nanocomposites, will provide valuable insights into developing practical and promising anode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
Furthermore, the unique heterojunction endows FePS 3 nanosheets@MXene composite to promote the diffusion of Na + and alleviate the drastic change in volume in the cyclic process, enhancing the sodium storage capability.
Compare to lithium-ion battery, sodium-ion battery is more compatible to being part of a large-scale storage system that stores energy for renewable energy such as solar and wind where energy is produced intermittently.
Ghimbeu and her team concluded that H2 represents a better alternative to CO2 to evaluate the narrow ultramicroporosity of hard carbon materials due to both its smaller size and its low quadruple momentum (Figure 12.b).
For example, the capacity of the pristine LSC treated in the CVD tube in the absence of the melamine decreases signicantly, and pure CN does not provide sodium storage capacity when tested in identical conditions (Fig.
The results for a NASICON 1 half-cell first cycle capacity at C-rate 0.05 showed 85 mAh g -1 in solution of 1 M NaPF 6 in 1:1 (vol.%) EC-PC (ethylene carbonate -propylene carbonate), from 4.2 V to 1.5 V versus Na/Na + .
In Figure 1A, the PXRD pattern of the sintered LAGP pellet overlaps perfectly with the pattern of the pristine material (non-sintered) and corresponds to the NASICON-type structure crystallizing in the R-3c space group.
S9 and Table S1.t After cycling, shown in Fig. 5 and 5d, cells assembled with bare NaSICON demonstrate a larger series resistance, shown by a shift in the impedance spectra to a more positive position along the Z' axis.
Basic information of Sodium-ion battery The working principle of the battery involves the process of embedding sodium ions between the positive and negative electrodes to realize the process of charging and discharging.
This uniquely crafted material has delivered an excellent performance as an SIB anode [Figure 1C and D], with a reversible capacity as high as 915 mAh g -1 after 50 cycles and a retention capacity of 48.1% at 2 A g -1 .
This observation leads to some MO 2 layers being too far from the interphase to be affected, and thus, sliding and phase transition still occur, as demonstrated in the regions of P2/P3-NaMNO distant from the interphase.
Consequently, efficiency of highly sodiated P3-type layered oxides as a way to combine high energy density and power capabilities is questioned while the interest in stabilizing Na-rich P2-type remains an open question.
Furthermore, benefiting from out-of-sync electrochemical reactions of these two sulfides at different voltages, the structural stress could be effectively mitigated, which is also favorable for diffusion of sodium ions.
A comparison between SnO 2 /NG nanohybrids and the SnO 2 /G counterpart has been conducted in a reasonable framework to manifest the inherent nitrogendoping effects for the enhancement of sodium-ion storage performance.
Working through a complex and electrode-formulationdependent mechanism, MnP 4 proves to be a promising negative electrode material for a SIB with a stable high capacity of about 1025 mA h g -1 maintained over 50 cycles.
The reduction process of MoS 2 can be divided into two steps: (i) the insertion of sodium ions into MoS 2 interlayers (Eq. 1) and (ii) the conversion of MoS 2 to Mo accompanied by the formation of Na 2 S (Eq. 2) 51,52 .
In summary, by optimizing transition metal ions of V 3 þ and Ti 4 þ with similar ionic radii and a substantial difference in redox potential, we designed and synthesized a NASICON-structured compound Na 2 VTi(PO 4 ) 3 .
As an example of how defect formation can drastically alter the migration pathway, we studied Na 3 MnPO 4 CO 3 which was first demonstrated by Ceder et al. as a sodium cathode material exhibiting a voltage of 3.7 V (vs.
These difficulties are also commonplace for Si-based and other alloying anode materials in LIBs and are usually mitigated by nanostructuring of the active material optimal performance of present-day Na-ion electrolytes.
Meanwhile, the anthracite sample displayed a smaller peak, meaning that the contribution of the Na + -ion intercalation ability between the graphene layers to the total capacity of anthracite was lower than hard carbon.
However, at present, sodium ion batteries are relatively lacking in both materials and technology, these materials have a dramatic change of volume when charging and discharging, which is far below commercial standards.
In situ high-energy synchrotron X-ray diffraction study shows that Ti-doped compound (Na2/3Fe1/3Mn0.57Ti0.1O2) can maintain the single P2 phase without any phase transition during the whole charging/discharging process.
Amorphous Li 1.5 Al 0.5 Ge 1.5 (PO 4 ) 3 (LAGP), which is an oxide-based solid electrolyte with a NASICON-type structure, was sintered at various temperatures to investigate its ionic conductivity and potential windows.
As an example, sodium cobalt oxide (NaCoO2), which is the direct Na-ion analog of LiCoO2 (NaCoO2 = NaxCoO2), shows significantly lower discharge/charge voltages and poorer electrochemical recycling ability than LiCoO2 .
The scarcity of lithium resources and cost concerns have driven the development of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which utilize more abundant and lower-cost resources, as a promising alternative energy storage technology.
Moreover, even with reduced interlayer distance down to 5.0 Å, the diffusion of Na-ions in the layer is not negatively impacted, most probably owing to the presence of oxygen vacancies and metal oxide layer distortions.
Many compounds have been examined as possible cathodes for more reliable, long-lasting and economic Na-ion batteries. 5,6 Among them, sodium vanadium uorophosphates show high voltage, high capacity and long cycle-life.
Hence the quasi-elastic energy broadening is detected where Na-ion diffusion is observed using bulk measurements 21 , and it is correlated with the onset of superionic diffusion reported previously from NMR studies 29 .
Ni substrate (Nilaco, 99%, 20Lm thick, 1.43 cm 2 ) were used as anode. 1 M NaPF 6 /ethylene carbonate (EC) + diethyl carbonate (DEC) (1:1 wt.) for SIB and 1 M LiPF 6 /EC + DEC (1:1 wt.) for LIB were used as electrolyte.
The research into sodium-ion battery requires the development of high voltage cathodic materials to compensate for the potential of the negative electrode materials which is usually higher than the lithium counterparts.
Here we report a facile synthesis of N-doped graphitized hard carbon via a simple carbonization and activation of a urea-soaked selfcrosslinked Co-alginate for the high-performance anode of lithium/sodium-ion batteries.
Though potential, the P2-type NaxMO2 suffers severe electrochemical performance decay during cycling due to multiple structural variations. 1) Na/vacancy ordering/disordering exchange and high voltage phase transition .
The electrochemical performance of hard carbons is also inuenced by the decomposition of the electrolyte at the hard carbon electrode and pore surface, leading to the formation of the solid electrolyte interface (SEI).
Leveraging the unique quantum structure, CoS 2 QD/MXene and NiS 2 QD/MXene deliver reversible capacities of 285.2 and 255.8 mAh g -1 , respectively, after 100 cycles at a current of 0.1 A g -1 , when used as SIB anodes.
All-solid-state sodium-ion batteries (ASSIBs) are poised to revolutionize grid-scale stationary storage due to their potential for higher energy density and enhanced safety over conventional liquid electrolyte systems .
According to the findings presented above, the final ID/IG value is strongly influenced by the pyrolysis conditions (i.e., temperature, heating rate, atmosphere, dopants, etc.) as well as the hard carbon resources used.
In NIB chemistry, anodes have received less attention compared to cathode chemistry, leaving hard carbon as a primary anode material, although its intercalation/adsorption mechanism limits the allowed number of Na-ions.
The experimental results show that the specific surface area, pore structure, and defect degree of hard carbon (HC) are enhanced as the polymerization degree (i.e. molecular weight) of the starting saccharide increases.
Figure 7A illustrates Yong-Mook Kang's synthesis of layered oxide cathodes with multiple phases, whose characteristics shift based on the sodium ion content, significantly influencing their electrochemical performance .
Working electrodes were prepared by mixing the SnSb NCs with carbon black (CB) and carboxymethylcellulose (CMC) as a binder in water and coating the resulting slurry onto Cu foil (for Li-and Na-ion cells, respectively).
To investigate the superiority of the AFR-HC on sodium storage behavior, the other types of half cells were also assembled, using pitchbased HC and biomass-based HC as anodes and sodium metal foil as counter electrodes.
The molecular-level structure of hard carbon is more intricate in comparison to the well-organized layer structure found in graphite (Xiao et al. 2016;Qiu et al. 2017b;Lu et al. 2018;Mittal et al. 2022;Tan et al. 2023).
Based on the hexagonal phase system of P2-type layered oxides, it can be inferred that the front facets of microparticles are {001} planes and the side facets are {010} planes (Fig. 3g between the MO 2 layers (Fig. 3g).
The Z w values in the CoS 2 /C were also smaller than those in the CoS 2 /C-600 during entire cycles, which conrms that reduced particle size can greatly enhance the diffusion kinetics of sodium ions in anode materials.
Besides, porous structures, which can be categorized into microporous, mesoporous, and macroporous structures according to the pore size, provide a large number of sodium storage sites and ultrafast sodium ion pathways .
The dis/charge profile of the RGO cathode shows sloping voltage profiles with significant voltage hysteresis, which demonstrates that sodium storage is mainly due to Na adsorption on RGO layers as already observed by CV.
HC is currently the only commercially relevant AAM for SIBs, whereas leading SIB cell manufacturers are pursuing CAM representatives from all main material classes, namely layered oxides, polyanionic compounds, and PBAs.
O3-type sodium layered oxides typically undergo various phase transitions during electrochemical (de)sodiation (e.g., O3-O'3-P3-P'3) and exhibit slow insertion kinetics at a high degree of sodiation (Gupta et al., 2022).
Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) reveals two exothermic peaks for sodiated hard carbon at ~190°C and ~270°C, with a total thermal effect of 610 J/g, approximately 1.5 times higher than graphite's 449 J/g at 297°C.
In summary, the roles of diluent solvents in regulating electrolyte structures and chemistry distributions and their correlations with the electrochemical performance of Na-ion batteries are comprehensively investigated.
In order to achieve the commercialization process of sodium ion batteries, the air stability and cyclic performance of the O3-type cathode material is crucial, elemental doping followed by surface coating is recommended.
According to Xiang et al. ( 2015), NaMnO₂ serves as a representative example due to its layered structure, which facilitates efficient sodium ion intercalation and deintercalation during the charge and discharge cycles .
This work demonstrates the promise of sodium intermetallic-forming coatings for the advancement of low temperature molten sodium batteries by improved mating of sodium-NaSICON surfaces and reduced interfacial resistance.
The superior structural reversibility during 10 electrochemical cycles and the significantly different morphological change features from comparable lithium-ion systems suggest untapped potential in sodium-ion batteries.
This work elucidates how interlayer chemistry and structural defects influence sodium ion storage in layered structures and provides opportunities for developing high-voltage aqueous batteries with large specific energy.
In order to understand the uniqueness of our tt-NMO, we employed density functional theory (DFT) based calculations to estimate the Na + migration barrier (E m ) and quantify the Na-ion mobility within the NMO framework.
By employing this methodology, the utilization of olive pomace effectively yields sustainable biomassderived HCs in the fabrication of cost-efficient negative materials with enhanced performance for sodium-ion batteries.
Furthermore, future work should consider the use phase, including cycle life and cycling stability of SIB cells, as well as end-of-life treatment options, to provide a holistic environmental and technological assessment.
We determined the doping levels by inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry (ICP-OES) to be 3.0 wt.%, 3.0 wt.% and 0.1 wt.% for P-doped (P-HC), B-doped (B-HC) and S-doped (S-HC) hard carbon, respectively.
Hard carbon, as a promising negative electrode material for Na-ion batteries, delivers a high capacity of >300 mA h g À1 . 5,6 Thus, the energy density of practical SIBs depends on the performance of positive electrodes.
The ascending branch in the low-frequency region of the Nyquist-plots in Fig. 2 suggests the presence of a slow electrochemical process, i.e. diffusion, which plays an essential role in the sodiation of the hard carbons.
From these results, it was concluded that the optimized amount of CTAB favorably contributes to obtaining C@Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 with adapted morphology to act as an excellent cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
Technically, there are two mechanisms for K + storage in hard carbons: one by intercalation between turbine-like quasi-graphite domains, and the other by adsorption onto the surface, defects, and nano-pores of materials.
Wood biomass was fractioned in this study into cellulose-rich (CF) and lignin-rich fractions (LF) using a deep eutectic solvent (DES), and each fraction was converted to hard carbon for use as an anode material for SIBs.
Supplementary Figs. 36 and 37 showed focused ion beam-scanning electron microscopy (SEM-FIB) images and XRD patterns of Na1 (2-3.8 V, 200 cycles) and Na0.55 (2-4.2 V, 200 cycles) after cycling under different conditions.
Experimental results also supported by DFT simulations showing that sodium intercalation ability increases with increasing interlayer distance, while oxygen-containing surface defects improve the sloping region capacity.
On the particle surface, the ( 110) and planes attributed to the P2 phase are observable, with the interface between the two phases exhibiting a high degree of connectivity, thereby ensur-ing facile sodium ion transport.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered promising energy storage devices and substitutes for lithium-ion batteries in the near future, and their anode materials play crucial roles in their electrochemical performance.
NASICON structural material, which features a rapid sodium ion transport channel and a stable three-dimensional frame structure, has been extensively researched in the field of electrode materials and solid electrolytes.
We present here a multi-length scale integration of compositionally tailored NaSICON-based Na + conductors to create a high Na + conductivity system resistant to chemical attack in strongly alkaline aqueous environments.
The sodium-ion diffusion coefficient (D Na ) was calculated using the following equation: 27 where t represents the time of the current pulse, n is the number of moles, and V m is the molar volume of the active material.
The 5% Mg-doped phase exhibits one of the best rate performances reported to date for sodium-ion cathodes with a P2 structure, with a reversible capacity of 106 mA h g À1 at the very high discharge rate of 5000 mA g À1 .
The first CV curves for the three samples are compared (Figure S3), the observed peaks were found to become larger with decreasing the particle size of the zeolite template crystals, resulting in enhanced sodium storage.
While sodium-ion half-cells are suitable for laboratory-scale material characterization, it is important to acknowledge that the behaviour of electrode materials in half-cells does not translate directly into full cells.
In general, layered oxides can be classified as O3-type and P2-type depending on the Na ions' coordination environment and the stacking order of the oxygen structure evolution, air stability, and full-cell applications .
During the discharging/charging process, the corresponding phase transforms to the pristine state and remains stable until reaching a high voltage of 4.3 V, confirming the highly reversible sodium storage nature of KNVO.
These observations conrm the enhanced structural stability of the HE material, which can withstand the stresses generated by repeated insertion and extraction of sodium ions without causing signicant structural damage.
The hard carbon anode was prepared as follows: a slurry made up of 90 wt% hard carbon powder (Kureha Co), 5 wt% carbon black, and 5 wt% poly(vinylidene uoride) in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone solution was pasted onto Al foil.
These results evidence that controlling the surface reactivity of amorphous SiN x , amorphous Si and their interaction with the hard carbon surface is crucial to design composite electrodes able to deliver high capacity.
Sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) have attracted increasing attention as a potential low-cost alternative to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), particularly to those using a combination of lithium iron phosphate (LFP) and graphite.
This simple structure-property relationship provides a rational framework to tune the cell cut-off voltage of sodium-ion cells based on hard carbon, potentially enabling future materials of improved safety and longevity.
Upon charging to 4 V with the initial charge capacity of 107 mAh g -1 in Figure S2a (exceeding the theoretical capacity based on Ni 3+ /Ni 2+ redox couples), the desodiated Na0.8the proposed Ni 4+ /Ni 2+ redox mechanism.
However, with the cost increase of LIB as well as energy resource risk and envi-ronmental problems, sodium-ion batteries (SIB) have been attracting much attention as an alternative energy storage system in recent years .
NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /carbon and NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /graphite composites as anode materials for aqueous rechargeable Na-ion batteries were synthesized by modified Pechini method and pyrolysis treatment in the inert atmosphere.
In particular, for understanding and optimisation of hard carbon anode materials, there is a need to understand the physical mechanisms that make a particular pore geometry favourable (or otherwise) for sodium insertion.
Regarding the effect of defects on electrochemical behaviour, Olsson et al. 214 demonstrated, through DFT simulations, that sodium ion storage may be considerably affected positively and negatively by structural defects.
At the current density of 20 mA g À1 , the reversible capacity first increased to 311 mA h g À1 at 1250 1C due to the large graphene interlayer space suitable for sodium-ion insertion decreasing because of graphitization.
However, the mechanism of sodium ion diffusion is not understood in great detail since there is still a discrepancy between reported average structure models, local structures, and the number and position of sodium sites.
To improve and control the target phase of the O3-type structure, the most popular approach is the partial substitution of manganese sites in the lattice with elements, such as Cu, Ti, Sc, V, Mn, Fe, Ni, Zn, Al, and Mg. .
Sodium-ion batteries therefore meet the need for a low-cost system if the other components are also sustainable that can integrate discontinuous renewable energy sources and optimize the performance of electricity grids .
Dimensional structure and electrode formulations can also be used for achieving the optimized SIB performance using (a) tin; (b) antimony; (c) phosphorus; (d) germanium; (e) silicon; and (f) bismuth-based anode materials.
Computational modeling from this study via machine learning could therefore address the research gap le by Meenatchi, et al. in their manuscript 18 and proves that AOPDHC can be used as an anode for sodium-ion batteries.
This is expected since for hard carbons, a higher ICE means less energy is lost during the initial charge cycle due to irreversible reactions, which translates to the storage and retrieval of more energy from the battery.
Addressing these issues requires a new theoretical framework that can account for the unique properties of hard carbons and provide a more comprehensive understanding of the fundamental processes involved in Na + storage.
The working composite electrode (5 mg; 3 mg hard carbon)/Na 3 BS 3 buffer layer (10 mg)/Na 3 PS 4 separator layer (60 or 80 mg)/Na 3 BS 3 buffer layer (10 mg)/Na 15 Sn 4 -KB composite 17 (50 mg) was stacked in that order.
Continued advancements in materials science, electrode design, and cell engineering hold significant potential to overcome the limitations of P2-type cathodes and expedite their development for practical SIB applications.
These outstanding physical properties of the separator enable the long-term operation of NaCrO 2 cathode/hard carbon anode full cells in a conventional carbonate electrolyte, with capacity retention of 82% for 500 cycles.
The study of sodium ion batteries is certainly not recent, beginning in parallel with that of lithium in the seventies, but it was partially abandoned thanks to the faster development and commercial success of the latter.
Because of abundant sodium resources and compatibility with commercial industrial systems 4 , aqueous sodium-ion batteries (ASIBs) are practically promising for affordable, sustainable and safe large-scale energy storage.
Besides, the Te atom doping also reduces the size of the nanoparticles, increases the specific surface area of the active material in contact with the electrolyte, and makes the nanoparticles fully react with sodium ions.
Thus in this paper, we synthesized Na 0.62 [Ni 0.10 Fe 0.10 Mn 0.80 ]O 2 as cathode material for all-solidstate sodium-ion batteries via a relatively cheap and easy solution-assisted solid state reaction processing route.
Hard carbons can be obtained by carbonization of a huge range of several precursors like thermo-setting polymers, cellulose, coconut shell, corn, charcoal, etc. 48 , out of which biomass deserves more scientific interest.
Consequently, the as-prepared hard carbon anode exhibits superior capacity and remarkable rate performance (334.5 mAh g -1 /0.1C and 196.4 mAh g -1 /20C) without sacrificing the initial coulombic efficiency (ICE) (92.1%).
In contrast, no such conversion reaction occurs in the Na-ion system, which leads to improved cycling stability (in the non-pillared materials), but with capacities around a third of the Li-ion system, even when pillared.
It is also inferred that although the average particle size of hard carbon is around 2μm, the side reaction effect at high temperature is negligible, far less than the side reactions caused by graphite nano-scale powders.
To accurately confirm the pore size of hard carbons, 3 A and 4 A zeolite molecular sieve and zeolitic imidazolate framework-7 (ZIF-7) with well-defined pore size were also tested by CO 2 adsorption measurements (Fig. 2c).
Thus, the Sn coating decreases the resistance of the system by both improving contact area by over a factor of two and decreasing the charge transfer resistance of the Na-NaSICON interface by greater than a factor of ten.
In 2015, Weinberger et al. 28 first reported silicon oxycarbide spheres for sodium ion batteries that delivered a reversible capacity of 200 mA h g À1 at a current of 25 mA g À1 , with initial Coulombic efficiency of 47%.
To further demonstrate the potential of the FARSIBs in wearable electronics, two assembled FARSIBs were woven into the flexible textile with an abbreviation (NB) of "Na-ion battery" and powered for a red LED shown in Fig.
To elucidate the more complex storage mechanism of both lithium and sodium ions in disordered carbonaceous materials, much effort has been spent and many different theories were debated, which are still under discussion .
Nonetheless, research into sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) is currently still in its infancy compared to LIBs, although great leaps and bounds have been made recently in terms of research and development into this technology.
Interestingly, even aer prolonged cycling at increasing current densities, a specic capacity of up to 220 mA h g -1 was recovered at a current density of 50 mA g -1 , indicating outstanding sodium storage reversibility.
The R int of MoO 2.5 /NC/Na and MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC/Na cells decreases first, and slightly fluctuates around 0.3 Ω, indicating sodium ion between the electrode materials and current collector has no significant difference .
In order to increase their reversible capacity and reduce cost, research efforts of hard carbons have focused on exploring low-cost hard carbon precursors (such as biomass, coal, pitch) and optimizing preparation process.
In this regard, using advanced characterization tools to unveil the mechanism through spatial and temporal tracing of species evolved during the de(alloying) process is highly encouraged to sustain alloying SIB materials.
To enhance the CE of the 1st circle of hard carbon, Chou et al. obtained biomass (hazelnut shell) by carbonizing the hazelnut shell with hydrochloric acid, which expanded the layer spacing and obtained more active sites .
It is shown that static wetting testing, as measured by the contact angle of molten sodium on NaSICON, does not accurately predict battery performance due to the dynamic formation of a chaperone NaSn phase during cycling.
The combination of several characterization techniques shows that the actual Na content is limited to x=0.8 far from targeted stoichiometry but still higher than conventionally reported for most of P3-type layered oxides.
Materials innovation and design philosophy The future of LT-SIB development lies in the rational design of materials with inherent temperature resilience rather than post-synthesis modifications to address LT limitations.
However, the scarcity of lithium resources in the earth's crust is a concern that needs to be addressed. 1,2 Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered an appropriate candidate that can replace the present LIB technology.
Na-ion full cells were fabricated as coin cells with bm-NVPox as the positive electrode and carbon coated NaTi 2 (-PO 4 ) 3 (NTP) as the counter (negative) electrode with a capacity ratio of 0.8 : 1 (positive : negative).
In this research, we summarize and compare the market application status of SIB and lithium iron phosphate (LFP), and propose the future development trajectory of SIB and LFP according to their respective characteristics.
On the other hand, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which utilize sodium, an element belonging to the same group as lithium in the periodic table, are emerging as a suitable substitute for LIBs in energy storage applications.
Rechargeable sodium-ion batteries have recently attracted renewed interest as an alternative to Li-ion batteries for electric energy storage applications, because of the low cost and wide availability of sodium resources.
The predictive model was used to search for potential promising compositions of Ni-Mn-Fe-Ti layered oxides, and we successfully synthesized the suggested O3-type layered oxide of Na[Mn 0.36 -Ni 0.44 Ti 0.15 Fe 0.05 ]O 2 .
Herein, we approach this problem by modulating the local electronic structure surrounding nitrogen-coordinated transition metal ions to create a uniform electron distribution within the Prussian blue analogues frameworks.
The operando nature of this study enabled the deconvolution and direct observation of intercalation and pore-lling processes occurring at specic voltage ranges within the commercial hard carbon during initial discharge.
It is thus possible to assume that the Nb doping and the resulted surface preconstructed layer of this P2-type cathode with high Na-content improves the electrochemical energy storage behavior of SIBs at 25 °C and -40 °C.
The interlayer distance of hard carbon samples are 0.371 nm, 0.361 nm, 0.383 nm, 0.389 nm for corncobs derived (CHC), potato starch derived (SHC), H 3 PO 4 activated (PHC) and KOH activated (KHC) hard carbon respectively.
As shown in Fig. 2b and Supplementary Fig. 8,Na0.55 has a capacity retention of 83.4% after 300 cycles, while Na0.65, Na0.83, and Na1 retain 80.7%, 68.9%, and 64.1%, respectively, which is proportional to the values of R.
EIS spectra of the Na-metal symmetric cell were collected after 100-h and 200-h cycling, showing no obvious change in the overall impedance (Supplementary Fig. 9), indicating that the NASICON-Na metal interface is stable.
Finally, we find the x-ray diffraction pattern of the rhombohedral phase drastically changes depending on the composition and degree of disorder, providing further comprehension on the sodium storage mechanism of anatase.
Furthermore, the hard carbon samples with CNTs displays longer low potential plateau and higher reversible capacity than the samples without CNTs, suggesting that the CNTs additive can improve the kinetics of hard carbon.
The synergistic effect between the V 2 O 3 adsorbent and selenium dopant is shown to inhibit the shuttle effect and improve the redox kinetics, thus realizing greatly enhanced Na-ion storage properties of sulfur cathodes.
It is important to note that these reported carbons are not conventional hard carbon known by the field as they were pyrolyzed at relatively low temperatures, and therefore do not exhibit a low-potential plateau behavior.
The first x-intercept, R1, in the EIS spectra has been attributed mainly to the bulk conductivity of the NaSICON electrolyte, but also contains the series resistance from the Na electrodes and tungsten current collectors.
The present phenomena are essentially dominated by the voltage profile, depending on the discharge rate, to decide extracted alkali species, because of different electrochemical potential for Li + and Na + in a SIB cells.
The doping of Co in the transition metal layer delicately modulated the Na environment, triggering a cationic rearrangement that facilitated the emergence of the P3 phase structure with lower sodium ion diffusion barriers.
On the basis of the abovedescribed structural characteristics, the Na and Na sites located in the S-shaped tunnels are reversibly accessible, whereas the sodium ions located on the Na site are not, or are hardly extracted.
Na + /Na) but exhibits a coulombic efficiency of about 78% and an energy efficiency of 64% during cycling [Figure 5C], which is mainly due to the severe distortion of the crystal structure occurring upon Na-ion insertion .
The common cathode materials for LIBs in the market are LFP, NCM, LCM, and there are three main cathode materials for SIBs studied so far, which are Transition metal oxides, Polyanionic compounds and Prussian blue analogs.
With the expected theoretical capacity of 2596 mA h g À1 , phosphorus is considered to be the highest capacity anode material for sodium-ion batteries and one of the most attractive anode materials for lithium-ion systems.
NASICON (Na 1+x Zr 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 ) is a well-established solid-state electrolyte, renowned for its high ionic conductivity and excellent chemical stability, rendering it a promising candidate for solid-state batteries.
The NiMoO 4 was then dispersed in a K 4 Fe(CN) 6 •3H 2 O aqueous solution under ultrasonication for 2 h, which templates the formation of one-dimensional K 2 NiFe(CN) 6 Prussian blue analogues (PBAs; Supplementary Fig. 1).
Through experimental characterization combined with modeling, we have identified an SEI-independent pre-desolvation process occurring on the nanopores of hard carbon anodes, driven by capillary effect and osmotic pressure.
As shown in Table S1, † the comparison of the values of L a , L c , and N reveals that the crystal structure of the prepared hard carbon is regardless of the polymerization degree of the saccharide (i.e. molecular weight).
Taken together, it suggests that reducing or eliminating structure transition induced by cation migration is critical for achieving real reversible (both capacity and voltage) oxygen redox reaction for sodium-ion cathodes.
At the recent Third Sodium-Ion Battery Industry Chain and Standards Development Forum, Yu Zhenhua pointed out that sodium batteries are showing strong development trends, with more than 20 sodium battery projects underway.
Furthermore, the specific surface area determined with O2 is strongly correlated with the irreversible capacity of hard carbon in SIBs, i.e., a higher specific surface area leads to a higher irreversible capacity 176,180 .
Among positive electroactive materials, the sodium layered oxides, with the general formula Na x TMO 2 (TM = transition metal/s), are the best candidates in terms of high-energy density, scalability, and sustainability 2 .
This study helps to advance knowledge on how to computationally verify the potential use of biomass-derived hard carbon anodes for battery applications-exemplied with an activated orange peel-derived hard carbon (AOPDHC).
Despite of the aforementioned advances in the synthesis of hard carbon with enhanced reversible plateau capacity, a high carbonization temperature (much higher than 1300 °C) imposes a difficulty for practical applications.
Furthermore, the analysis of a MnS//NaPF 6diglyme//Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 @C full-cell configuration demonstrated its excellent cycle life, thus opening the prospects for MnS anode to be utilized in real-time SIB applications.
Among the alternative anode materials, hard carbon (HC) is distinguished by its disordered and randomly graphitized structure, providing a specific capacity of approximately 300 mAh g -1 and a low output voltage of ∼0.2 V.
Thus, it can be demonstrated that regions across the solid-state sodium-ion half-cell can be cycled operando, and through cycle graphs and impedance spectra, the electrochemical behaviour of these regions can be monitored.
Powder aerosol deposition of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 electrode material has been reported in ; however, a detailed study on the electrical properties of PADdeposited NaSICON solid electrolyte for ASSB has not been reported yet.
The overview of the diffraction patterns reveals that the major diffraction lines of the P2-type structure are maintained, which means that the material preserves its P2 structure during the entire electrochemical process.
It was not until after 2010 that sodium-ion batteries again ushered in their golden development period with the massive demand for renewable energy utilization and the urgent need for large-scale energy storage technology.
We found highly reversible and high-rate cycling of hard carbon negative electrodes in NaBPh 4 / DME electrolyte, suggesting that fluorine species are not indispensable in stabilizing the hard carbon/electrolyte interface.
A major concern in SIB alloy anodes is their low ICE with a major contributor being the electrolyte, which participates in formation of SEI, which, in turn, determines capacity retention, cyclic stability, and performance.
Below the critical thickness, molten Na achieved a best contact angle of 92°, while above the critical thickness, molten Na achieved a contact angle similar to that on bare NaSICON as shown in, respectively, Fig. 3c and3e.
After analyzing the sodium-ion kinetics through GITT and evaluating the activation energy barriers, further insight into the electrode-electrolyte interfacial processes is vital to understand different reaction mechanisms.
Based on the H + /Li + exchange engineering strategy, here we report a NASICON-structure proton conductor Li 1+x Cd x/2 Zr 2-x/2 (PO 4 ) 3 (x = 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2) derived from CdZr 4 (PO 4 ) 6 to construct a fuel cell device.
To further assess the practical viability of the high-entropy MOFs material, sodium-ion capacitors were assembled using capacitive energy storage-activated carbon as the cathode and high-entropy MOFs material as the anode.
Tin-based sulfides Many tin sulfides have been sorted as potential SIB anode materials due to their fascinating features, including high capacity, good electrical conductivity, mechanical endurance, and cost-effectiveness.
As single metal atoms-doping carbon materials via M-N-C coordination structure can deliver excellent lithium/sodium storage performance, this design concept deserves more intensive study to reveal the underlying mechanism.
Of the 242 remaining SO 4 2--free NASICONs, only 23 compounds with Na 3 stoichiometry were further considered, within which the electrochemical performance of 17 compounds has not yet been reported (Supplementary Table 1).
Indeed, when trying to increase the sodium content above 0.7 by means of direct chemical synthesis, P'2-type Na 1 TMO 2 layered oxides cannot be obtained 30 ; instead, the reaction yields O3-type Na 1 TMO 2 layered oxides.
According to the literature report, most of the capacity for hard carbon derived from the low-potential region (around 0 V) close to the Na plating potential, which may cause safety issues during fast charging process 23 .
Even at 4000 mA g -1 , this HEO 1 3 O3-type cathode exhibits a capacity of 85.8 mAh g -1 and keeps retention of 85.1% after 1000 cycles, which is among the best of recently reported results for different O3 -type cathodes.
Compared to lithium (Li), sodium (Na) reserves in the earth's crust are dozens of times higher, making sodium-ion (Na-ion) batteries a more cost-effective and sustainable alternative to lithium-ion (Li-ion) batteries 1,2 .
Still significant improvement potential is given, especially by reducing the environmental impacts associated with the hard carbon production for the anode and by reducing the nickel content in the cathode active material.
High conductivity solid electrolytes, such as the Na super ion conductor, NaSICON, are poised to play an increasingly important role in safe, reliable battery-based energy storage, enabling advanced sodium-based batteries.
Ongoing research in the area of advanced cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) is expected to reduce reliance on lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), providing more affordable and sustainable energy storage solutions.
Reaction mechanisms for Li/Na-ion storage Ex situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) was employed to investigate the possible reaction mechanisms of the MnF 2 and MnF 2 -E electrodes for both Li-ion and Na-ion storage.
Based on low cost and rich resources, sodium-ion batteries have been regarded as a promising candidate for the next generation energy storage batteries in large-scale energy application for renewable energy and smart grid.
Signicantly, aer the uninterrupted cycling with increasing current densities, a specic capacity as high as 220 mA h g -1 was regained at a current density of 50 mA g -1 , claiming exquisite sodium storage reversibility.
Using the following equation, we determined the diffusion coefficient of sodium ions: where T, A and n are the absolute temperatures, area of the electrode and the number of electrons during charge/discharge, respectively.
Both the BVS and the DFT calculations revealed the intrinsic reasons for the outstanding high rate performance of this material, which are completely comparable to those of the known NASICON-type materials mentioned above.
However, potential safety concerns on carbon materials (especially hard carbon) with possible thermal runaway are noticed because their voltage plateau related with most capacity is too close to the sodium plating voltage.
EDS elemental mappings and SEM images confirmed the formation of thin, porous carbon on the top surface of dip-coated Sb NB PAN, through which sodium ions can transport freely without being significantly hindered (Fig. 3).
In order to further verify that the high-entropy MOFs offer excellent rate performance, the migration energy barriers of sodium ions from near site 2 to near site 1 and from near site 2 to near site 3 were calculated (Fig.
In order to investigate the structural influence on sodium storage performance, galvanostatic charge-discharge (GCD) experiments at a low current density of 18.6 mA g -1 were conducted in the voltage window of 2.5-0.002 V.
Organic compounds, such as Na 2 C 8 H 4 O 4 , Na 2 C 16 H 10 O 4 etc., are also actively explored for sodium-ion batteries due to their low cost and high performance (Zhao et al., 2012b;Wang et al., 2014;Wu et al., 2015d).
Therefore, rechargeable sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) can be considered for utilization in applications requiring lower cost and less weight/volume limitation in terms of the need to go beyond the limits of Li-ion batteries.
The SXRD pattern can be tted well with reasonable R values using the O3-type structure model with R 3m space group by Rietveld methods (Fig. 4a, Table S3 †), indicating that the pure O3 phase was successfully synthesized.
In this paper, we report sodium vanadium oxy-fluorophosphate as a cathode material for sodium-ion batteries with 8.0 wt% reduced graphene oxide (rGO), synthesized via solid state reaction followed by a hydrothermal method.
Using NASICON-type electrolytes, Na 2 (B 12 H 12 ) 0.5 (B 10 H 10 ) 0.5 , Duchêne et al. reported a particularly stable 3 V all-solid-state sodium-ion battery of NaCrO 2 which shows a maximum capacity of 85 mAh/g at C/20 .
Na-ion batteries (NIBs) represent a cost-effective and sustainable alternative to Li-ion batteries (LIBs), promising for application in large-scale stationary energy storage systems (Vaalma et al., 2018;Hasa et al., 2021).
The aim of this study was to quantitatively benchmark the energy density and CF of SOTA and promising SIB cell chemistries in comparison to LFP/graphite, assessing the current development stage and competitiveness of SIBs.
Presently, capacity fade is an issue for Na-ion honeycomb lattice compounds, though evidence to date suggests that the battery performance is improved in samples for which disorder in the honeycomb layers is minimized 20 .
In O3 framework, the migration of Na + between octahedral sites must pass via a tetrahedral site, resulting in a high energy barrier owing to the difference in size between the large Na-ion and confined tetrahedral voids .
Next, the active surface area of hard carbon powders was determined as explained in the ESI. † In the first stage, the carbon surface was treated under vacuum (up to 950 1C) and then exposed to O 2 chemisorption at 300 1C.
Understanding the single role of lignin, cellulose, and hemicellulose in the formation of hard carbon anodes is necessary since they not only have different chemical structures (Fig. 1) but also different aggregate states.
The realization of controllable voltage plateau and plateau capacity is conducive to the reduction of the risk factor in the operation of sodium-ion energy storage devices and the improvement of their energy/power density.
However, small organic molecules or alkali-metal coordination polymers are seen to lack long term cycling stability and are usually not porous enough for rapid and reversible insertion of bulky species, such as sodium-ions.
Computed tomography and gas emission analysis has revealed that while SIBs undergo structural degradation similar to LIBs during TR, the absence of flames in some SIB chemistries could indicate a potential safety advantage.
As cathode materials are the key determinant for the performance of SIBs, various compounds have been investigated as SIB cathodes, including sodium transition-metal oxides, polyanions, and alkali-metal hexacyanometalates .
In addition, the sodium insertion/extraction mechanisms for TiO 2 -based anode materials for SIBs are not consistent, which will impede further improvement on the electrochemical performance of TiO 2 -based anode materials.
While strongly coordinating anions can reside more stably within the sodium ion's solvation sheath and effectively participate in interfacial lm formation, they oen lead to increased viscosity and reduced salt solubility.
LiNi 1/3 Co 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 vs. graphite and NaNi 1/3 Co 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 vs. hard carbon) our ndings suggest that NIBs need further improvement in order to become competitive with LIBs in terms of the three metrics assessed.
Molybdenum disulfide (MoS 2 ) has attracted significant attention as an SIB anode material owing to its high theoretical capacity (670 mA h g -1 ) and 2D structure with a large layer space (0.65 nm vs. 0.33 nm of graphite).
The dense solid electrolyte was firstly prepared and then the porous Nasicon layer was fabricated on the dense Nasicon by a screen-printing process using a Nasicon slurry with a pore former (Di-ethylene glycol butyl ether).
Herein, we show that irreversible phase transitions, structural degradation, deactivation of surface redox centres, and dissolution of transition metal ions in Prussian blue analogues accumulate continuously during cycling.
For the XPS tests of the immersed hard carbon electrode, to avoid the influence of F and Na elements due to the introduction of binders (PVDF, PTFE, and SA), F-and Na-free binder polyacrylic acid was used in this situation.
It undergoes a two-step reaction mechanism upon sodium storage: the Na + intercalation and phase transformation during the discharge process; the reverse conversion reaction and Na + extraction during the charging process .
Furthermore, Rb was reversibly inserted into and extracted from graphitizable and non-graphitizable carbons such as pitch-derived soft carbon and commercial hard carbon, along with other alkali metals such as Li, Na, and K.
The electrochemical performance enhancement of Na-doped NMFTO-04 ǁ PEO:NaTFSI ǁ Na has been compared with other reported works 34,35 , where sodium layered oxides are used as cathode and PEO:Na-salt as polymer electrolytes.
As a representative of the promising battery systems, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted considerable attention as an alternative to LIBs (Hou et al., 2017b;Wei et al., 2017;Zheng et al., 2017;Tang K. et al., 2018).
Together, our studies provide an avenue to desirable sodium-ion anodes, and we hope that the data reported in this work will stimulate more theoretical and experimental efforts to explore phosphorus-based battery materials.
A droplet (12 μl) of Ni solution (0.6 M Ni(NO 3 ) 2 • 6H 2 O in distilled water) was injected into the porous Nasicon layer, and then the combination was heated at 700 °C for 10 min in ambient air to form NiO nanoparticles.
When zoomed in, it can be found that the thickness of the carbon sheet from the cell wall is in the range of 50-100 nm (Figure 2c), which allows for a short diffusion length for the sodium ions and leads to a high capacity.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted enormous attention as candidates in stationary energy storage systems, because of the decent electrochemical performance based on cheap and abundant Na-ion intercalation chemistry.
Surprisingly, it can be clearly observed that the side surfaces of the Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.23 -Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 hexagonal-prism particles are generally thicker than that of the NaMNO 2 hexagonal-prism particles.
The enhanced electrochemical performance can also be attributed to the nitrogen-doping introduced defects, which is beneficial to the diffusion of large-sized sodium ion during the intercalation/ de-intercalation processes.
In general the sodium ion batteries are composed of inorganic electrode material but they are not economical, not recyclable and eco friendly.Thus the organic electrodes posses several advantages over ainorganic electrodes.
Electrochemical performance in a sodium-ion battery Following the promising performance of the Mo 2 TiC 2 MXene in a Li-ion system, the non-pillared and pillared materials were further tested as electrodes in Na half-cells.
The transport rate of sodium ions in an aqueous electrolyte is faster than their embedding in the anode electrode materials, leading to the accumulation of a significant amount of Na + deposited on the surface of the anode.
This work demonstrates that configurational entropy can be harnessed not just to stabilize complex NASICON structures, but also to unlock redox richness and rate robustness previously unattainable in this class of cathodes.
Based on many reports in the literature, hard carbons may be synthesized from a variety of inexpensive and readily available sources, which makes it economically viable and provides the opportunity to tailor its properties.
However, the structural distortion and cationic rearrangement induced by irreversible phase transition and anionic redox reaction at high cell voltage (i.e., >4.0 V) cause sluggish Na-ion kinetics and severe capacity decay.
Tirado et al. studied in detail the sodium storage properties of petroleum coke with different textures and microstructure and found that coke with smaller carbon microcrystalline size had better sodium storage properties .
Subsequently, CNNs were leveraged for deep learning on this database, with the objective of enabling the direct prediction of diverse outcomes in NASICON compounds with varying element doping, solely by inputting CIF files.
As shown in Fig. 1a, the diffraction lines observed for all samples can be assigned to single phase P3-type structure with a space group of R3m and no residual peaks for the starting materials are found in the XRD patterns.
SRC corresponds to the adsorption capacity (AC) of Na-ions at the defect surface, and PRC has two parts based on the Na-ion diffusion coefficient, assigned to the intercalation capacity (IC) and pore-filling capacity (PFC).
In this work, a rationally designed birnessite of NaMnO 2 •0.1H 2 O demonstrates a high specific reversible capability of 199.9 mAh g -1 and outstanding cycling stability with 82.9% capacitance retention after 20000 cycles.
The principles that govern XRD and NPD are similar, where neutrons are elastically scattered by the periodic arrangement of atoms in the crystal, providing structural information useful to understand Na-ion LTMO materials .
Similar analysis on O3-type oxide cathode materials shows that most materials reported in the literature contained an Mn-, Co-, or Ni-content with less than 0.5 ratios while Fe-content was usually in the range of 0.25-0.75.
It provides richer active sites for sodium ion storage and redox reactions, and shortens the electrical transport and ion diffusion distance. 23,30 This means that it can exhibit good cycling stability and rate performance.
Many SIB cathodes, such as layered oxides , polyanions , and ferrocyanides , have shown high initial Coulombic efficiency (ICE) as well as excellent rate and cycling performance, showing great promise for commercialization.
The sodium storage mechanism involving adsorption-intercalation-pore filling processes was systematically validated through comprehensive electrochemical testing coupled with in-situ and ex-situ characterization techniques.
Thus, developing a stable Na 5 V 12 O 32 cathode with good rate capability, structural stability, and multielectron redox activity has become a critical requirement for high-energy-density, high-safety sodium-ion batteries.
In current investigation the powder of lignin-c was put in graphite crucibles, carbonized in a tube furnace in nitrogen atmosphere at tempereture1200 °C for 1 h, very hard carbon blocks were produced, shown in Fig. 6b andc.
On the one hand, this study aims to deepen the understanding of the inuences of multi-element substitution on the transport of Na + in NaSICONs, all in pursuit of achieving high ionic conductivity for ASS-NIBs applications.
Therefore, the main idea of the current research aims to study the influence of B 2 O 3 addition on the ionic conductivity and crystallization behavior of NASICON type glass-ceramics containing different amounts of B 2 O 3 .
The impact of the titanium vacancies on the sodium storage mechanism of anatase was first assessed using galvanostatic discharge-charge curves. showed similar features for both anatase TiO2 and Ti0.780.22O1.12F0.40(OH)0.48.
The counter and reference electrode were pure sodium metal foil, and 1 M sodium perchlorate (NaClO 4 ) dissolved in the mixture of ethylene carbonate (EC) and dimethyl carbonate (DMC) (1:1 in volume) was used as electrolyte.
We hypothesise that an 'ideal' carbon electrode would be composed of large, interconnected pores with expanded layer spacings of B3.65 Å to allow diffusion of sodium ions, but not other electrolyte molecules, into the pores.
Consequently, the iron/vanadium bimetallic sulfides exhibit superior sodium storage capacity (424.67 mAh g -1 at 0.05 A g -1 ), a high rate capability of 192.82 mAh g -1 at 10 A g -1 , and fast sodium ion diffusion kinetics.
In sodium ion batteries, the N-MoS 2 -Ti 3 C 2 electrode maintained a stable specific capacity of 209.3 mAh•g -1 after 500 cycles at 1 A•g -1 , better than that of MoS 2 -Ti 3 C 2 (79.0 mAh•g -1 ) and MoS 2 (30.8 mAh•g -1 ).
Similarly, Mogensen et al. 43 found that NaBOB dissolved in a mixture of N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (NMP) and trimethyl phosphate (TMP) provides high ionic conductivity over a wide temperature range and enhanced SIB performance.
In this paper, the working principle and structure of the sodium-ion battery are introduced, including the key materials such as cathode, anode and electrolyte, and the latest progress of the sodium-ion battery is described.
Carbon (C)-based anode materials can be categorized into two primary types, namely, graphitizable carbon such as graphite, graphene, and carbon nanotubes (CNTs), and non-graphitizable carbon, including soft and hard carbon .
Compared with most P2-Na x TMO 2 cathodes (x varies between 0.6 and 0.8), the initial structure of O3-type Na x TMO 2 (x is usually 1) is very similar to LiCoO 2 , and it can provide more capacity in the same voltage range .
Furthermore, whilst the pore size continues to increase, diffusion pathways are closed off, and consequently some pores become inaccessible for sodium storage, corresponding to a smaller plateau capacity (Fig. 5c top panel).
In addition, we recently proposed the use of other gases, such as O 2 and H 2 , to evaluate the complex hard carbon porosity, 13 which could help in better understanding the impact of porosity on electrochemical performance.
The sodium ion diffusion coefficient can be calculated at different peak positions by linear tting the arithmetic square root of scanning velocity and peak current in the CV curve, according to the Randles-Sevcik equation .
Apparently, the expanded lattice galleries also can suppress sodium ion insertion induced the crystal transformation, ensuring in structure stability explain why B-TiO2(B) nanobelts exhibits more stable cycling perfor-mance.
The corresponding Rietveld-refined XRD pattern reveals lattice parameters of a = 2.967 Å, c = 16.009 Å, and V = 122.069 Å 3 for NFMMT/NaCaPO 4 , with a structure consisting of 98.6% O3 phase and 1.4% P2-type phase (Fig. 1b).
In this work, we used a variety of characterization techniques to elucidate the capacity-fading mechanism of a P2-type Na layered oxide cathode materials (P2-NNMO) during high-voltage cycling (2.0-4.3 V) in Na-ion batteries.
Microsized Sn is a promising anode material for sodium-ion batteries in terms of cost, specific capacity, and volumetric energy density, which however suffers from huge volume changes and rapid cell degradation upon cycling.
The development of sodium-ion-conducting sulfide solid electrolytes with both high ionic conductivities and reduction stabilities is an immediate challenge for all-solid-state sodium secondary batteries that use hard carbon.
On the other hand, the large size of the crystals increased the diffusion path of sodium ions, and the pores of ZTC cannot be fully utilized, causing the decrease of both the first discharge capacity and reversible capacity.
The azo group was shown to undergo reversible redox with sodium ions, as well as increasing the pore size of the TPDA-ABDC compared to its analogue, which enables higher capacity, cycling stability, and Coulombic efficiency.
The special Na 2 Fe(SO 4 ) 2 @rGO/C cathode material showed a superb sodium storage performance with an extraordinary voltage plateau (3.75 V), energy density (330 Wh kg -1 ) and specific capacity (85 mAh g -1 ) at 0.005 C .
Lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) represent one of the most promising technologies, readily used already today, but recently also the prospect of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) has re-emerged and grown into an active research topic.
In summary, sodium-ion batteries and sodium-ion capacitors demonstrate excellent electrochemical performance, further confirming the practical value of high-entropy MOFs in high-security fast-charging sodium storage devices.
Demir et al. have demonstrated that an in-situ formulated SnO 2 @ hard carbon obtained by hydrothermal carbonization methodology using biowaste of apricot shells can be utilized for high-performance anodic material in SIBs .
This work not only clarifies the closed pore formation mechanism for waste wood-derived carbon, but also offers a strategy to design high plateau-region hard carbon anodes for highperformance and low-cost SIBs in the future.
This targeted approach highlights their potential in advancing SIB technology, especially concerning their unique electrochemical properties, such as high specic capacity, superior rate performance, and extended cycle life.
The 2+ state of Mn, Co, and Ni can be stabilized in the NASICON structure by having another transition metal with oxidation states 3+ or above to maintain the charge neutrality and the Na ions content to ≤4 per formula unit.
These results indicate that hard carbon with a partially graphitized structure exhibits significant potential for use as an anode material in SIBs, especially in cases where existing crystalline materials present challenges.
This work provides insight into structural stabilization based on Mg 2+ and Ca 2+ in P2-type cathodes, and it also warns that the adoption of Ca 2+ ions requires particular attention when oxygen redox reactions are involved.
In the first discharge curve, there was a long plateau located at about 1.0-0.3 V which can be ascribed to sodium ions intercalation into the WS 2 lattice, WS 2 converted into W nanoparticles and the formation of SEI layer .
Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 delivers smaller first charge capacity of 26 mAh g -1 , corresponding to the removal of 0.09 Na + compared to that of Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 (40 mAh g -1 , equivalent to deintercalation of 0.14 Na + ).
Raman spectra also prove the variation of graphitization degree, and the intensity ratio (I D /I G ) of hard carbon samples decreases from 1.384 (H-1700) to 0.646 (AT-1700) after removing the amorphous composition (Fig. 3e).
As a result, the sample exhibited excellent sodium storage performance, delivering a high reversible capacity of 334.7 mAh g -1 at 50 mA g -1 and maintaining an outstanding rate capability of 93.9 mAh g -1 even at 5 A g -1 .
Na-ILT and K-ILT have lower R ct values and sharper straight-line slopes than Li-ILT and Cs-ILT before the electrochemical cycling (Figure 6a, Table S1), revealing a lowered R ct value and an increased sodium-ion absorption.
The current state-of-the-art quantum mechanics methodologies were applied to derive information on the bulk and surface properties of the P2-type layered oxide Na 0.85 Li 0.17 Ni 0.21 Mn 0.64 O 2 (NLNMO), a cathode material.
The value of the SEI layer resistance (R f ) of Na-ILT is very small as compared to those of other samples (Table S2), revealing that sodium ions easily travel into Na-ILT through the SEI layer compared to the other samples.
This improvement in the ionic conductivity is considered to be due to a decreased formation of the ZrO 2 secondary phase, which causes a decrease in the ionic conductivities and mechanical strength of the NASICON compounds .
Moreover, the N 2 and Ar gases were found unsuitable to determine the narrow porosity of hard carbons. 13 Thus, the O 2 adsorption/desorption isotherms were recorded at 77 K, as detailed in the ESI † and presented in Fig. 1.
By comparing the diameters of the semicircles in the high-voltage region (Supplementary Table 9), the impedances of CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 are similar, implying similar electronic conductivity of the two de-sodiated samples.
Hard carbon anodes, sourced from lignocellulosic biomasses, exhibit considerable promise due to their widespread availability, economical viability, and environmentally friendly attributes with zero carbon-dioxide emissions.
It is worth pointing out that pristine NaNiO 2 still shows inferior cycle stability and reversibility, and it is very hygroscopic against moist atmosphere, which slow down their practical application in sodium ion batteries.
This study provides a straightforward approach for synthesizing nanoscale metal sulfides with a nitrogen-doped carbon matrix, offering a promising pathway to develop SIB electrodes with extended cycle life and high capacity.
Full-cells can be constructed with SnSb anodes and state-of-the-art cathodes, achieving anodic capacities of 600 and 400 mA h g À1 with an average discharge voltage of 3.0 and 2.7 V for lithium-and sodium-ions, respectively.
Additionally, issues commonly observed for commercial Li-ion batteries, such as dendrite growth and fire hazards, can be avoided when solid electrolytes such as NASICON (Na ? superionic conductors)-type materials, are used .
To confirm the possibility of a top-down composite electrolyte, we used a method of partial sintering on a NASICON ceramic with high porosity and filled its internal pores with an epoxy polymer to increase physical strength.
Since Fe element is not used in the layered rock salt structure cathode electrode of lithium ion batteries, the stability of Fe in the cathode electrode for sodium ion batteries was verified by first-principles calculations.
Therefore, by valorizing olive pomace for the production of hard carbon, this approach addresses the problems associated with waste management and aids in the advancement of sustainable and effective energy storage solutions.
In NASICON materials, where the dopants are similar to the constituents they replace in terms of size and electronegativity, such as the situation in this study, this type of trapping is likely to be negligible, and ΔH t ≈ 0.
The spinel Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 , a well-known "zero-strain" anode material for long-life lithium-ion batteries (Ferg et al., 1994;Chen et al., 2001;Wagemaker et al., 2008), is considered a promising anode for sodium ion batteries.
As shown in Fig. 3h, the configuration entropy of CuMgTi-533, CuMgTi-552, CuMgTi-571, and NaMNO 2 were 1.26 R, 1.27 R, 1.28 R, and 0.93 R, respectively, which showed the same change tendency as the percentage of {010} facets.
Our analysis delineates thermal safety maps for SIBs based on simulated oven test signatures that could prove decisive in deconvolving the innate thermal instability signatures of electrode-electrolyte pairs in SIB chemistry.
To understand the structural and electronic features of the M1, M2, and O phases of NaMnO 2 , self-consistent solutions were obtained by employing a (12 × 5 × 7) gamma grid of k-points for integration over the Brillouin zone.
In addition, certain animal biomass and their shells can also undergo a series of transformations to become negative electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries, showing excellent rate performance and good cycling stability.
The conductive network formed by CNTs can always maintain good contact with SnSb during the charge and discharge processes, providing 3D effective and fast electronic pathways during sodium intercalation and de-intercalation.
In the following cycles, the anodic peaks shift to higher potentials (1.97 vs. 2.09 V; 0.27 vs. 0.30 V), which was probably caused by the stress/strain change, similar to other NASICON-type anodic materials (Li et al., 2014).
Compared to those heated at 450 °C and 550 °C, hard carbon from chars that had been preheated at 500 °C exhibited a relatively high first-cycle Coulombic efficiency of 77.3% and a specific discharge capacity of 249 mAh g -1 .
In order to better understand the mechanism for sodium storage in the best performing system (micro-Fe-MIL-100 with Naon binder), we undertook a CV analysis at various scan rates (0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 1, and 2 mV s À1 ), Fig. 6a.
However, in the current work the glassy phase and NASICON main phase seem to exhibit similar mechanical properties; thus, no influence of the glassy phase content on the mechanical properties of the specimens can be observed.
However, the absence of electronic delocalization through direct -M-O-Mlinks results in a poor intrinsic electronic conductivity, and to some degree, the Na-ion diffusion is still limited by its large radius and heavy weight.
The improved stability and capacity are attributed to the formation of a more stable and thinner solid electrolyte interface (SEI), along with sodium storage into graphitic regions through a solvent co-intercalation reaction.
The microspheres exhibited well-dened void spaces between the two types of carbons, leading to an increased surface area, lower charge-resistance, and higher electronic conductivity for sodium-ion insertion and de-insertion.
Therefore, this simple synthetic approach using molten salt favours the Na-ion diffusion and electron transport to a great extent and maximises the utilisation of CoFe 2 O 4 as a potential anode material for Na-ion batteries.
The in situ analysis confirmed that the sodium intercalation/deintercalation in the NaFe 1.6 V 0.4 (PO 4 )(SO 4 ) 2 occurred through a reversible single-phase reaction instead of the prevailing notion of a two-phase reaction.
The excellent high first-cycle Coulomb efficiency is attributed to the special micro-nano structure of the produced hard carbon, which can reduce the irreversible capacity loss for SEI formation and electrolyte decomposition.
Moreover, the incorporation of additional phases, such as tunnel and spinel phases, can create three-dimensional pathways that enhance the diffusion rate of sodium ions, thereby facilitating the rapid migration of these ions.
As research in this eld progresses, the development of heterostructures holds great promise for advancing the efficiency and longevity of Na-ion batteries, making them more viable for large-scale energy storage applications.
In general, these ISEs exhibit notable ionic conductivity, admirable thermal stability, and satisfactory mechanical characteristics despite the lack of adequate physical contact with the sodium anode and electrode materials .
The shoulder/hump near the / peak in the P2/P3-NaMNO and P3-NaMNO samples is attributed to the formation of a hydration phase 34 , likely caused by air exposure during the shipping and testing process (Supplementary Fig. 17).
Following a strategy of inducing Li + into the transition-metal (TM) layer to enhance the oxygen redox reaction, a novel layered cathode material P2-Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 (NLFMO) was designed and successfully synthesized.
Yu et al. immersed old loofahs in ZnCl2 solution for 24 h and then carbonized them at 800 C in a tube furnace to obtain loofah hard carbon, and the assembled batteries also had excellent cycling performance at 1000 mA g -1 .
Electrochemical measurements confirm both reversible cationic (Mn-redox) and anionic (O-redox) can be achieved in solid-state sodium metal batteries (SSNMBs) with a CSE and layered Na 0.72 Li 0.24 Mn 0.75 Si 0.01 O 2 cathode.
This characteristic band commonly occurs in the interval range between 2100-2200 cm À1 in both Raman and infrared spectra. 34 By analyzing both spectra in Fig. 6, we confirm the characteristic band of Prussian blue analogues.
The work in the group Batteries -Calorimetry and Safety at the KIT, IAM-AWP started with coin cells made of the commercial cathode material Na MnO (NMO) and commercial coconut-shell-derived hard carbon (HC) as anode material.
This super performance may originate from the increased specic surface area, enhanced electrical conductivity, and fast sodium ion transmission rate that is inherited from its unique macroporous structure of porous C@MoS 2 .
Such impressive sodium storage properties with the CMC-Na binder may be attributed to better adherence between the active material surfaces and the binder as well as the highly conductive nature of the reduced graphene oxide.
For example, Wang and co-authors 144 synthesized spherule-shaped hard carbon with a particle size of 1 to 8 µm from phenolic resin using HTC (500 °C for 12 h), followed by pyrolysis (800 °C to 1500 °C for 3 h, under N2 flow).
This result consolidates that the larger interlayer spacing and short-range orderly structure of hard carbon is more favorable for Na + de/intercalation, and thus hard carbon is regarded as promising anode materials for SIBs.
Similarly, Na-ion cells were subjected to the same voltage scanning from 1.2 to 4.5 V, and the battery was charged first to remove the Li and during the reduction cycle it was presumed that insertion of Na + would take place.
A series of P2/ O3 mixed-phase cathodes were prepared by adjusting the TM species and Na contents in the range of Na0.67 to Na0.83 (Fig. 6b), meanwhile we also extrapolated XRD patterns from previously published reports 40, .
Concerted hopping in NaSICON can occur through three symmetrically distinct paths (shown in cyan, red-brown, and dark blue in Figure 9a, b, andc, respectively), and the corresponding 3D structures are presented in Figure S13.
Aluminium, very energy intensive in production, is one of the main drivers for GWP impacts, and the SIB cells with lower energy density and higher aluminium content therefore show higher benets from the mechanical recycling.
Hard carbon can pursue the biomass precursor's natural morphology based on synthesis strategies such as simple direct pyrolysis, 114,115 hydrothermal carbonizations, 106 and physical and chemical activation 116,117 processes.
To estimate the electrochemical performance of graphite in Na-ion full cells, Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 was prepared and used as a cathode (the details on the sample characterizations can be found in Supplementary Fig. 10) 35,36 .
Among various carbon-based anode materials, hard carbon (HC) has been demonstrated as the most promising SIB anode because of advantages such as extensive starting source, simple fabrication, and excellent cycling stability .
It is important to note that the metallic signal, observed at the early stages of cycling, would not be visible in a sodium metal cell, as the enormous signal from the sodium electrode will have swamped these smaller signals.
The specific surface area of the prepared hard carbon is 3.85 m 2 g -1 calculated based on the nonlocal density functional theory (NLDFT) method, which is close to the specific surface area of bulk commercial graphite 61,62 .
One main concern about LIBs is that Li resources are threatened to be exhausted in the future. 1,2 Due to their cost effectiveness and abundance, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have become an interesting sustainable alternative.
Commercially available sodium-ion battery (SIB) cells, with energy densities comparable to lithium-ion battery (LIB) cells based on LiFePO 4 , were investigated regarding their safety behaviour under thermal abuse conditions.
Based on the above analysis, V 5+ is successfully reduced to V 3+ by oxalate acid during the hydrothermal process, and well-crystallized NASICON-type Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 can be obtained by the one-step hydrothermal method.
This observation is supported by the finding that nanosized metallic transition metal particles grew against the compressive action of Na 2 S or Li 2 S shells during the discharge cycling of sulfides for LIB/SIB applications.
Many transition metal hydroxide precursors for sodium ion batteries are rich in Fe and Mn, rather than Ni, which can lead to the formation of different reaction intermediates and impurity phases compared to Ni-rich materials.
In summary, this study successfully integrated a customized reconstruction layer onto the surface of O3-type cathodes using a wet chemistry method to address the challenges of interface instability and mechanical degradation.
Layered transition-metal oxide materials are ideal cathode candidates for sodium-ion batteries due to high specific energy, yet suffer severe interfacial instability and capacity fading owing to strongly nucleophilic surface.
Our model explains the assignment of 23 Na NMR peaks, and elucidates why the adequate heat-treatment temperature of HC (around 1600 C) for large sodium storage is higher than the heattreatment temperature for lithium storage.
When the optimal ratio of Mg 2+ was used in a synthetic process, the relative density (96.6%) and grain boundary ionic conductivity (σ gb ) were maximized, which improved the total ionic conductivity (σ t ) of the vA-NASICON.
In light of this, the recent development of Prussian blue analogs and sodium superionic conductor (NASICON)-type materials with 3D Na + diffusion pathways for building high power density NIBs are provided in this perspective.
In this regard, red phosphorus (P) -the most chemically and thermodynamically stable allotrope of P -is both cheap and offers the highest known theoretical capacities for Na-ion storage (2596 mAh g 21 for P«Na 3 P transition).
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are regarded as an important supplement to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) due to their advantages of abundant resources and low cost, showing great potential, especially in large-scale energy storage.
Prussian blue analogs have an open framework, abundant redox active sites, good structural stability, and large ion channels, but the coulombic efficiency and cycle stability are affected by lattice defects and crystal water .
The MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid also achieves high Coulombic efficiencies approaching ~100% both at 1 and 5 A g -1 , indicating the excellent reversible insertion/extraction ability of sodium ions inside its interpenetration networks.
Note that, some regions of stacked graphene layers can also be regarded as orifices of nanopores due to the short-range ordered structural features of hard carbons, which might also be detected by CO 2 adsorption measurements.
The crystal structure of such Prussian blue analogues follows the general formula of A x M[D(CN) 6 ]$nH 2 O, where A ¼ alkali metal ion, M ¼ N-coordinated transition metal cation, and D ¼ C-coordinated transition metal cation.
First, we mixed NaFePO 4 26 (maricite) synthesized by the solid-state method and Na 2 CO 3 (Kishida Chemical Co., Ltd.) in a molar ratio of 1:1, then transferred the mixture to a container with zirconia balls (diameter: 3 mm).
Both NMMO and NMLMO adopt a hexagonal P2-type layered structure with in-plane honeycomb superlattice in the TM layers, as confirmed by X-ray diffraction (XRD) and neutron powder diffraction (NPD) (Figures 1a,b,d,e, S1 and S2).
In summary, our research deepens our understanding of the structural and component evolution during electrochemical reactions, shedding light on the intricate processes that underlie high-performance sodium-ion battery anodes.
Sodium-ion (Na-ion) batteries are currently being investigated as an attractive substitute for lithium-ion (Liion) batteries in large energy storage systems because of the more abundant and less expensive supply of Na than Li.
Positive electrode materials such as polyanionic compounds, Prussian blue analog (PBA) materials, and layered transition metal oxides (LTMOs) are currently under extensive study for possible utilization in commercialized SIBs.
A detailed understanding of the mechanism processes (Table 5) as well as establishing a potential dependence of these processes upon sodiation is crucial for the development of advanced and high-performance hard carbon anodes.
In terms of thermal runaway, sodium-ion batteries have higher internal resistance than Li-ion batteries, hence, the temperature of the battery will not rise easily during short circuit, guaranteeing the safety of the battery .
The current study further corroborates that optimal sodium storage performance is achieved with a graphene layer length of approximately 6.3 ± 1.3 nm and a curvature of 0.9 ± 0.2 nm, consistent with the findings reported by L.
The open and stable NASICON structure ensures excellent cycle stability, with a capacity retention rate of 85% after 500 cycles at 100 mA g-1 in the 2.5-4.3 V range and a capacity retention rate of 73.3 in the 2.5-4.6 V range.
A facile and effective self-crosslink assisted strategy is developed to fabricate 3D porous branch-like Fe 3 O 4 / C hybrids as high-performance anode materials for lithium ion batteries (LIBs) and sodium ion batteries (NIBs).
Sodium stands out in stark contrast to lithium with its greater abundance, and sodium-ion batteries (NIBs), sharing a kinship in electrochemical mechanisms with their lithium-ion counterparts, are poised for signicant growth.
Interestingly, unlike most other diffusion processes consisting of long lattice vibrations followed by abrupt jumps, 33 sodium ion ow in the furrows of borophene is nearly ballistic with a nearly negligible migration barrier.
Moreover, insertion materials possess a stable structure, which results in faster reaction kinetics compared to conversion and alloying materials. 8 Hard carbon which is a popular anode does not exhibit good rate performances.
Theoretical results further indicate that vanadium reduces the energy barrier for sodium ion migration and enhances electronic conductivity, while VMS 2 's disordered features provide ample active sites for sodium ion storage.
MnHCF is a promising positive electrode material for Na-ion batteries, because it is composed of II only abundant materials, and displays large reversible specific capacity and high potential for the storage of different ions.
These results show that even in a material as well-known as TiO 2 , there is still much that we do not understand about the nature of Na-ion storage and about the role of amorphization in accommodating insertion-driven strain.
By this way, argon and decomposition gases such as CO or CO 2 are eliminated from the atmosphere of the furnace which avoids the activation of the elaborated hard carbons and an undesired increase in the specific surface area.
The corresponding Na 1s XPS spectra collected from different potential states also supported the presence of a SEI formed on hierarchical VS 4 nanosheets, accounting for the superior electrochemical sodium storage performance.
The CO 2 etching step constructed an open pore network on the precursor surface, whereas subsequent temperaturecontrolled carbonization precisely regulated the closed-pore volume, thereby optimizing sodium storage performance.
The nature of the precursor also has a very strong influence on the number of defects, with medium molecular weight precursors usually having more disadvantages than hard carbons prepared from high molecular weight precursors.
Sn-doped anatase TiO 2 nanotubes synthesized by Yan et al. through sol-gel method and subsequent hydrothermal process exhibit improved sodium storage performance, 13 due to the increase of electrical conductivity by Sn-doping.
The electrochemical performance of microsized Sn anode was evaluated in coin cells using sodium metal as reference and counter electrode and charged/discharged at a constant current density of 90 mA g -1 within 0.02-2.0 V (vs.
Excepted for the 1st and 2nd cycle at C/20, each hard carbon tends to stabilize with a CE above 90%, and remaining almost stable during the 25 cycles, proving that pressure has not a significant influence on the capacity fade.
This fast Na-ion diffusion can be attributed to the presence of oxygen vacancies and metal oxide layer distortions of the metastable phases in the structure that significantly reduce the energy required for Na-ions to migrate.
Therefore, challenges still exist to find suitable anode materials for the development of Na-ion batteries and scientists are searching for the best material among a vast number of materials using the trial-and-error approach.
To guide the design of Ca cathodes in this nascent technological field, much inspiration has been drawn from studies of Na-ion batteries due to the similarity in size between Na + and Ca 2+ ions (116 and 114 pm, respectively).
To investigate the kinetic characteristics of the S-NMO electrode, we carried out the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) analysis and calculated the corresponding diffusion coefficients of Na + (D Na+ ) 40 .
Life cycle assessment approaches are already used to analyze hazards such as human and environmental toxicity, as in the case by Peters et al., 27 where one SIB was compared with different LIB chemistries from several sources.
Due to the increase in the amounts of time that small electronic devices are used and to the development of electric vehicles and large-scale energy storage systems, sodium ion batteries with high energy density are essential.
Using aqueous electrolytes is currently the most effective way to reduce the production cost of sodium-ion batteries, which has led to increasing participation from various research teams in aqueous sodium-ion battery studies.
Third, the monolithic graphene ensures a 3D porous and exible scaffold to protect MoS 2 from dissolution or detachment during repeated cycles, as well as 3D interconnected pathways for electron transport and Na-ion diffusion.
Since the coated electrodes displayed better capacity retention, it was suggested that inhibition of the formation of a CEI layer fully covered with NaF, enables the continuation of facile sodium ion diffusion through the CEI.
Figure 5c shows that the b values corresponding to the redox peaks are 0.76 and 0.71, respectively, from which it may be assumed that the sodium storage is a combination of surface-controlled and diffusioncontrolled processes .
Most importantly, the particular NASICON structure can provide three-dimensional (3D) channels for the fast transmission of Na + , making NVPF exhibit relatively higher ionic conductivity than many other SIBs cathode materials.
Goodenough et al. improved the interface contact between the Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 and the Na 3 Zr 2 (Si 2 PO 12 ) electrolyte by adding succinitrile, but this plastic-crystalline electrolyte was not very stable to sodium metals .
Generally speaking, a good anode material for Na-ion batteries should be able to achieve a substantial specific sodium storage capacity while the structure changes as little as possible during the process of sodium ion removal.
However, the cellulose membrane, which is thinner than that of a glass fiber, can be vulnerable to dendrite growth of sodium metal; thus, the mechanical strength must be improved for the application of cellulose as a separator.
In terms of GWP (global warming), two of the assessed SIB chemistries achieve values comparable to those of the LIB, with the NaNMMT and the NaMMO being the best performing SIB (50.6 and 52.3 kg CO 2 eq. per kWh, respectively).
In addition, the unique ultra-microporous structure of hard carbons makes its desolvation process and effects such as the impact on ICE and SEI formation completely different from those of microporous carbon in supercapacitors.
When tested as the cathode material for sodium ion batteries, the as-obtained N0.92K0.08VPF/C sample manifested the highest conductivity and structural stability, thus delivering the most remarkable electrochemical performance.
Here we present an efficient method to synthesize off-stoichiometric Na 3À3x V 2+x (PO 4 ) 3 /C (x ¼ 0-0.10) nanocomposites with excellent high-rate and long-life performance for sodium-ion batteries by highenergy ball milling.
Owing to the catalytic graphitization of Co and the introduction of nitrogen-functional groups, the hard carbon shows structural merits of ordered expanded graphitic layers, hierarchical porous channels, and large surface area.
As a starting point, the pristine Na 3 SbS 4 with no Na-ion vacancies (SbW0) was investigated to conrm that the diffusion mechanism is vacancy-driven: when no vacancies are introduced into the system, as it can be seen in Fig.
In this work, a series of hard carbons with systematically tuned porosity, pore connectivity, number of defects, and graphitic structure, was prepared by hydrothermal treatment of glucose followed by high temperature pyrolysis.
S4 †), which is due to stable 3D framework of the NASICON structure that facilitates reversible intercalation/de-intercalation of sodium-ions without structural change for the Na 3 Co 0.5 Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 anode (see ESI, Fig.
In terms of advantages, iron-based Prussian blue and manganese-based Prussian blue have the advantages of abundant raw materials, low cost, high specific capacity, high-rate performance, and excellent electrochemical stability.
The symmetric aqueous NVP‖NaClO 4 ‖NVP micro-batteries exhibit a 2.3 V wide ESW, excellent volume capacity, and outstanding energy density (77 mW h cm -3 ), surpassing most reported aqueous sodium-ion micro-batteries (Fig. 6e).
With their unique combination of performance tunability, cost advantage, and sustainability, Cu-containing layered oxides remain a highly promising class of cathode materials for next-generation sodium-ion battery technologies.
The MnS 0.5 Se 0.5 @N-CNF electrode exhibits smaller overpotentials and higher Na + diffusion coefficients (D Na+ ) during both the Na⁺ insertion and extraction processes compared to the MnS@N-CNF and MnSe@N-CNF electrode (Fig.
More importantly, the practical applications of ARSIBs still need to be further explored. As an essential component of the battery, the development of high-performance active materials is essential to enhance ARSIB performance.
It must be highlighted that one of the variables that most affects the performance of hard carbons as Na-ion electrode materials is their pyrolysis temperature. According to the literature, it may range from 500 ℃ up to 2500 ℃.
However, the thick SEI formed in ester electrolytes and the resulting poor ion transport kinetics result in a large amount of Na + being trapped in the hard carbon, which makes its ICE less than 90% even after sufficient aging.
Copyright 2018, Elsevier); (C) Graphic abstract of the Deciphering the Origin of High Electrochemical Performance in a Novel Ti-Substituted P2/O3 Biphasic Cathode for Sodium-Ion Batteries (Reproduced with permission from Ref. .
Prussian blue analogues exhibit significant potential as positive electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries, particularly due to their three-dimensional cyanide-bridged frameworks which facilitate fast charging capabilities.
Supplementary Fig. 1 presents the refined XRD patterns for other NASICONs, with the extracted lattice parameters summarized in Supplementary Fig. 2, and other refined structural parameters summarized in Supplementary Table 2-9.
In order to visually display the powder system distribution of spherical hard carbon/graphite, the coated and calendered electrodes with different proportions of spherical hard carbon and graphite are compared by SEM in Fig 3 .
The main shortcomings of Prussian blue cathode materials are that coordinated water usually occupies Na + storage sites in the Prussian blue framework, resulting in reduced Na + storage capacity and slow Na + migration ability.
Lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) are considered as one of the most powerful battery technologies, but they require the use of expensive raw materials. Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are then considered a promising alternative to LIBs.
Moreover, the relentless pursuit of novel sodium-ion materials, coupled with the optimization of the composition and structure of existing materials, holds paramount significance for advancing the practical application of SIBs.
The voltage range of 0.05-0.20 V (marked in orange) shows multiple peaks in the profile of the all-solid-state cell with the hard carbon-Na 3 PS 4 composite electrode, which were not observed in the hard carbon-Na 3 BS 3 cells.
Elevated temperatures promote the preparation of deeply calciated material (Ca > 0.65 per V2(PO4)3); however, Ca 2+ cannot be subsequently extracted so highly calciated NaSICONs are inert with respect to Ca 2+ electrochemistry.
This conversion occurs at a temperature around 900°C where Na based reactants are also known to volatilize inducing a Na deficient mixture which may explain that the O3-type structure (stable polymorph for x=1) is not observed.
S15a (ESI †), BT exhibits a pair of redox peaks located at 0.95/0.61 V, ascribed to the insertion/extraction of sodium ions in the CQO functional group, indicating a one-step electron transfer process during the redox reaction.
Herein, the excellent sodium ions storage properties of the MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid can be ascribed to its hierarchical geometry with aligned channels, high electronic/ionic conductivity and uniform dispersion of thin MoS 2 layers.
As reported by Shahzadi et al. a variety of design strategies including multielement synergistic doping and doping-coating dual engineering can be employed to optimize layered oxide materials for low-cost sodium-ion batteries .
As shown in Fig. 6e, at the charged 4.4 V state of both the first and the fifth cycles, all of the diffraction peaks fit well with the P2-type structure, indicating the P-type to O-type structural transformations are inhibited.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs), due to their large ionic channels and interstices in the lattice, abundant redox-active sites, and strong structural stability, are considered as promising cathode material for Zn-ion batteries .
Prussian white (Na 2-x Fe[Fe(CN) 6 ] 1-y •zH 2 O) is a material with attractive properties, such as high theoretical sodium storage capacity, relatively high electrode potential and naturally abundant precursor elements 10,11 .
The optimum performing SIB electrode showed interesting features unveiled by in-situ impedance spectroscopy whereby varying charge transfer capabilities were detected in the alloying phase, unlike those in the conversion phase.
Understanding the conductivity variations induced by compositional changes in sodium super ionic conducting (NASICON) glass materials is highly relevant for applications such as solid electrolytes for sodium (Na) ion batteries.
Therefore, the as-prepared coalderived hard carbon delivers a high capacity of 325.3 mA h g -1 (plateau capacity accounting for 45.1%) at a current density of 0.03 A g -1 with a capacity retention rate of 83.5% over 500 cycles.
The results indicated the enhancement effect of the hydride nanocomposites with the Prussian blue analogue nanopolygons, allowing the increase in the active sites and improving the adsorption of AMS on the fabricated electrode.
Different kinds of biomasses were investigated as source for high-performance HCs for Na-ion batteries, due to the intrinsic selfdoping of the HC obtained after pyrolysis derived from the chemical composition of the feedstocks.
The carbonyl group has high reactivity, fast kinetics, high capacity and diverse structure and undergoes reverse one electron reduction from the monovalent anion balanced by sodium ion and stabilized by structural substituents.
After electrode engineering with appropriate electrolyte and binder, we previously demonstrated a reversible capacity of 213 mAh g -1 for the vacancycontaining sodium analog with an average sodium insertion voltage of 0.6 V vs.
Calculation of the theoretical specific capacity of a sodium-ion battery with a carbon anode gives the values from 89 to 116 mA h/g (depending on the cathode material) based on the total mass of the anode and cathode materials.
The Fig. 4a depicts the reversible reaction of sodium ion insertion or extraction mechanism, the two carbonyl groups are reversibly replaced by two sodium ions which gives rise a theoretical specific capacity of 237 mA h g -1 .
Sodium ions, due to their larger radius compared to lithium ions, face challenges in intercalating into graphite's layered structure, leading to modifications like expanded interlayer spacing and co-intercalation with solvents.
For example, when ultrasmall 3D-SnSb/NPC (nanoporous carbon) was utilized as an SIB anode, it furnished an optimal capacity of 266.6 mAh g -1 over 15,000 cycles at 2 A g -1 with rate performance of 566.1 mAh g -1 at 10 A g -1 .
However, low-molecular-weight quinones are prone to suffer from the undesirable dissolution in organic electrolytes, which for instance may be required for the preparation of cathode materials or the operation of SIB batteries.
When evaluated as an anode for NIBs, sucrose/GO derived hard carbon, referred to as G-HC, exhibits a much enhanced first-cycle Coulombic efficiency of 83% compared to that of sucrose derived hard carbon (designated as HC), 74%.
One great challenge in achieving stable cyclability and rate capability for sodium ion batteries is making sure the reversible insertion/extraction of sodium ions, which have larger ionic radius than that of lithium ions 4,5,7 .
In spite of the fact that the average pore size, l pore , remains similar for both hard carbons, HC-2-600-1500 possesses more elongated pores (the highest value of l c /l p ) and a narrower curvature of the graphene layer, l R .
We have synthesized polycrystalline Na0.74CoO2 (NCO) and Na0.74Co0.95Nb0.05O2 (NCNO) through solid-state reaction using precursors Na2CO3 (sodium carbonate), Co3O4 (cobalt oxide) and Nb2O5 (niobium pentoxide, for x=0.05 sample).
In order to study the electrochemical properties of the obtained SIB samples, the active materials, conductive acetylene black and polyvinylidene uoride (PVDF) were uniformly mixed at a ratio of 7 : 2 : 1 to produce the slurry.
Li et al. (2021a) developed a selftemplate method and prepared the N and S-co-doped layered carbon, where the high contents of doped heteroatoms and the improved ionic/electronic conductivity result in remarkable sodium storage.
The optimized anode exhibits a superior sodium storage capacity (334.5 mAh g -1 at 0.1C), remarkable rate performance (196.4 mAh g -1 at 20C), and a high ICE (92.1%), showing a great application potential for fast-charging SIBs.
This includes long-term cycling, high-rate performance testing, and post-mortem failure analysis, all of which are essential to verify the applicability of Cu-containing layered cathodes in commercial sodium-ion battery systems.
As the material becomes fully amorphous during the initial charge, we need to verify that the reversible capacity of the material is real, and not simply an artefact due to the presence of excess Na in the metallic sodium anode.
According to previously proposed adsorption/intercalation mechanism, the plateau capacity results from the accommodation of Na ions in curved graphene nanosheets of hard carbon, similar to Li ions insertion into graphite 10,33 .
In this paper, we have successfully prepared high performance hard carbon anodes, by selecting abundant and low-cost pinecones as biomass precursor and optimizing the preparation parameters of pinecone-derived hard carbon (PHC).
Electrochemical testing of the corncob-derived negative electrode in a Na-ion cell For the investigation of the sodium storage mechanism, we used hard carbon obtained from corncob (CC@1400 °C) as the negative electrode material.
Hard carbons can be synthesized from many different precursor materials, such as polymers, sugars 22,23 or biomass. 16 Some biomass-derived hard carbons have been shown to be highly effective as SIB negative electrode materials.
In contrast, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a promising alternative to LIBs, due to the abundance of sodium (2.27% vs. lithium 0.002% of the Earth's crust), low cost, and relatively high environmental friendliness .
Aer pyrolysis, Tre-HCMS, in contrast to other saccharidederived HCMS, provide not only the typical inter-spherical porosity with microporosity of the hard carbon structure, but also macro-and mesoporosity at the sphere surface.
The Na0.74Co0.95Nb0.05O2 cathode exhibits a specific capacity of about 91 mAhg -1 at a current density of 6 mAg -1 , whereas Na0.74CoO2 exhibits comparatively low specific capacity (70 mAhg -1 at a current density of 6 mAg -1 ).
From the elemental ion maps, the difference in concentration between Na, Zr, Si and P, in areas where sodiation has occurred, validate that the islands formed are composed of sodium metal originating from the positive electrode.
On the other hand, feature importance conduct ranking in a single step during the modeling. 79 Pyrolysis temperature for all hard carbons used in this study ranged from 700 to 1600 °C, but was mainly concentrated around 1200 °C.
This review presents a roadmap for transitioning from fundamental research breakthroughs to practical industrial applications, highlighting the unique advantages of sodium-ion technology in cold-climate energy storage scenarios.
The purpose of this study is to propose the more stable and efficient cesium-adsorbent, in comparison with Prussian blue. here, the new Prussian blue analogue: Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 is considered as the best cesium-adsorbent.
For full-cell fabrication, hard carbon anodes were prepared by mixing hard carbon (HC) (KURANODE™, Kuraray, Japan) with carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC) (Imerys) binder in ∼6 mL deionized water per gram in a 95 : 5 ratio by weight.
The overall insights given within this review provide a clear picture of the optimal design of hard carbon anodes, of the key features of hard carbon to enhance the performance, and of further development required in this field.
Additionally, to evaluate the compound's applicability in sodium-ion batteries, we investigate the structural and electronic properties of its Na-alloyed counterpart, ZrNa0.5Cr1.5, where Cr atoms are partially substituted by Na.
Recently, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted considerable interest as the most promising alternative to LIBs especially for future large-scale energy storage in light of low cost and large abundance of sodium resources .
Lithium titanium phosphate ceramics with the NASICON crystalline phase (LiTi2(PO4) 3) have been introduced as the remarkable electrolytes to be utilized as lithium ionic conductors in lithiumion batteries at ambient temperature.
The results demonstrate that ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 @C has more mesoporous pores than ZnSe@C, which is conducive to promoting the full contact between electrolyte and electrode materials and increasing the transfer rate of sodium ions.
Finally, on the basis of the results of feasibility tests, the self-standing NTP/CNFs and NVP/CNFs electrodes with high mass loadings and the corresponding all-phosphate SIB are proven to be promising for practical applications.
Compared with Na1, the high symmetry of τ 4 and τ 5 in the charging and discharging processes of Na0.55 implies the high reversibility of the structural phase transition process, which is consistent with the in situ XRD results.
Except for the P3 phase in the FC sample, all the initial layered sodium metal oxide phases exhibit generally similar volume expansion, and the lattice parameters and volume expansion coefficients are shown in Tables S12 andS13.
In the present study, for the first time, we conduct a comprehensive performance evaluation of RGO as an SIB cathode to demonstrate the potential of this inexpensive and abundantly available class of materials in SIB technology.
However, as for Na-ion full cells, where the Na-containing cathode is the only reserve of active sodium ions, such a considerable Na + loss dramatically reduces the overall energy density and shortens the lifespan of full cells.
The positive polarization of the LSC simplies the integration of the highly electron-rich Na, thus recreating a compensating polarizationbackdonation-stabilization effect enhancing the sodium storage at the composite electrode.
Recently, Komaba et al. 9 suggested a new compound (P2-type Na 2/3 Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 ) that delivers 190 mAh g À 1 , thereby enabling the use of earth-abundant elements but it shows lower cycle retention of 79% during 30 cycles.
Some α-NaFeO 2 type Na-ion battery systems with both high capacity and high initial discharge voltages have been identified, though the steeply-sloping voltage profile of these systems limits their use in applications 12,18,19 .
Due to the two well-separated redox peaks of Ti 4+/3+ and Fe 3+/2 , a full battery with discharge capacity around 30 mAhg -1 and discharge plateau around 0.6 V was found to be possible for aqueous Na-ion/ K-ion/Mg-ion batteries.
To protect the sodium metal anode and enhance the interfacial stability, a certain proportion of lm-forming additive (FEC) and inorganic ller (Ti-MOFs) were added to the precursor solution, which was then designated as Ti@GPE.
Hard carbon is a sodium-free negative electrode, and when combined with the sodium-deficient P2-type layered oxide, results in a full cell with significantly reduced first-cycle capacity and, in turn, specific energy density 5 .
Although NaMNO 2 delivers a comparable first discharge capacity (150.5 mAh g -1 ) with CuMgTi-571, the discharge capacity of NaMNO 2 decreases fast and remains only 60.2% (90.6 mAh g -1 ) of its initial capacity after 50 cycles.
We studied the inuences of the Si 4+ substitution concentration x, M-cation and temperature on Na + ion transport in the multi-element NaSICON-type structure Na 1+x M 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 (M = Zr 4+ , Hf 4+ , Sn 4+ and 0 # x # 3).
In Supplementary Figure 1, the XRD patterns of N-CFs-T and PN-CFs-T showed wide peaks at 2θ ≈ 23, which corresponded to the 002 crystal plane of hard carbon materials (Guo et al., 2019), indicating successful fabrication of CFs.
The full cell exhibited a reversible capacity of 82 mA h g À1 and an 88% capacity retention after 200 cycles at a current density of 100 mA g À1 , demonstrating the potential application of BT in sustainable sodium-ion batteries.
The development of sodium ion-conducting sulfide solid electrolytes with both high ionic conductivities and reduced stabilities will lead to the high current density operation of all-solid-state sodium batteries with hard carbon.
In addition, the sodium ion transfer number (t + Na ) was significantly improved for the cellulose-PAN-Al 2 O 3 composite separator (t + Na = 0.78) compared with that of the cellulose-PAN separator (t + Na = 0.31) (Figures 3E,F).
Among them, cathode materials include oxides, polyanion, Prussian blue, and organic ones; anode materials include carbon, titanium, organic, and alloy cathode materials; electrolytes include liquid and solid electrolyte systems .
P2 compounds have received great interest as Na-ion battery electrodes , but higher capacities are generally achievable with the O3 family because P2 hosts are often not fully intercalated in order to avoid the transition to O2 .
Currently, a series of cathode materials have been investigated to improve the energy/power density and cycling life of SIBs, such as transition metal oxides , polyanion compounds , Prussian blue analogues and organic compounds .
When used as a negative electrode material for sodium-ion batteries, it achieves a stable cycle life of 10,000 cycles at 30 A g -1 and a high reversible capacity of 365.7 mAh g -1 under fast charging in 13 seconds at 100 A g -1 .
The larger sodium ionic radius (1.02 Å) and the lower electrochemical potential (-2.71 V vs. standard hydrogen electrode (SHE)) reduce diffusion kinetics and increase migration barriers, hindering efficient sodium-ion transport .
Coin cells (CR2032, Hohsen) are prepared using these electrodes, two layers of glass fiber separator (GFA, Whatman) soaked with 150 μl 1M NaPF 6 in PC + 5% FEC and a 16 mm diameter sodium metal counter electrode (Acros Organics).
This unique structure endows the composite with high structural stability and super electron conductivity, which may be beneficial for the cycling stability and rate performance of the FeS 2 electrode material for sodium storage.
The cubic phase c-Na1.17Fe[Fe(CN)6]•0.35H2O) derived from monoclinic Prussian blue (m-Na1.88Fe[Fe(CN)6]•0.7H2O) through ball milling delivers excellent cycling stability of >18,000 cycles with >90% capacity retention at 10C rate.
However, in the current technology, due to the large radius of sodium ions, the detachment and insertion will inevitably cause structural changes in the material, resulting in reduced battery cycle performance and poor stability.
To overcome these disadvantages, aqueous sodium-ion batteries with aqueous electrolyte that are safe, cost effective, and offer high ionic conductivity have been proposed as attractive alternatives for large-scale energy storage.
In each NASICON-related paper, the NASICON conductivity data were manually curated from tables and figures when available, accounting for the ionic conductivity σ and activation energy E a corresponding to different temperatures.
The first reduction peak at 1.35 V corresponded to the intercalation of Na-ions, whereas the two reduction peaks at 1.09 and 0.64 V represented the two conversion reactions that formed CoSe/Na 2 Se and Co/ Na 2 Se, respectively .
From the experimental characterisation of the hard carbon samples above, it was shown that the materials contain expanded graphitic stacks with different interlayer distances and graphitic surfaces with oxygen heteroatom defects.
Moreover, their long-term instability and susceptibility to fracture can degrade performance over extended cycling, highlighting the need for further advancements in coating design for durable SIB operation in extreme conditions.
The electrolyte solution was 1.0 mol dm ¹3 NaPF 6 dissolved in propylene carbonate (PC, Kishida Chemical Co., Ltd.), and the counter electrode was sodium metal (purity > 99 %, Kanto Chemical Co., Ltd.) for tests in Na half-cells.
Strategies like artificial solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) layers help mitigate these risks, but the high reactivity of sodium metal remains a significant safety challenge, especially during battery processing or disassembly .
Data acquired from ; (D) Accumulated publications from the Web of Science with the topic of "sodium ion batteries" and "sodium ion batteries P2" in the year range of 2013 to 2023. "sodium ion batteries P2", as shown in Figure 1D.
Importantly, even after continuous cycling with increasing current densities, a specific capacity as high as 220 mA h g -1 could be recovered at a current density of 50 mA g -1 , suggesting excellent sodium storage reversibility.
As for the well-recognized NASICON-type Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 material, great attention has been extensively paid to it due to its outstanding merits (high operation voltage, acceptable specific capacity, and excellent cyclability).
When combined with Mn, the sodium-rich Na 4 MnV(PO 4 ) 3 NASICON structure emerges as a promising cathode material undergoing multi-redox reactions, namely V 3+ /V 4+ , Mn 2+ /Mn 3+ , and mixed V 4+ /V 5+ and Mn 3+ /Mn 4+ states.
Additionally, they operate at a higher voltage, which makes it possible to address technical challenges (such as developing better sodium-ion solid-state electrolytes) and potentially achieve applications in the automotive field.
To emphasize the Li distribution, the molecular formula of NMLMO is hereafter termed as Na0.7Li0.03[Mg0.15Li0.07Mn0.75]O2, where the Li elements in and out of the square brackets are located in the TM and AM layers, respectively.
The present research examines the economical and harmless incorporation of Fe ions exploring the synthesis of a novel cathode material, NFVP/C, with a NASICON structure Na 3 Fe 0.8 V 1.2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C, using the sol-gel technique.
However, hard carbon has certain drawbacksnotably, hard carbon exhibits poor cycling performance and the fact that the majority of its capacity is obtained at sodiation potentials close to metal plating, which is a safety hazard.
In the spontaneous discharge process, sodium ions are inserted into the NMO cathode through a reduction process (through the external electricity flow of the battery) and the Na ions are desorbed from the PI (the PI is oxidized).
In this section, we reinforce our argument by focusing on another structure type that contains a high fraction of unoccupied sites within the pathways: the ''Na superionic conductor'' (NASICON) structure type Na 3 M 2 (PO 4 ) 3 .
Sodium ion half-cells were assembled in a glove box into a two-electrode configuration, using the working electrodes, sodium metal as the counter electrode, glass fiber (GF/F, Whatman, USA) as a separator, and 100-µl electrolyte.
This phenomenon has been previously observed, 51 and although the exact cause remains unclear, we hypothesize that the introduced sodium ions enhance the overall conductivity of the carbon by increasing the carrier concentration.
The rate of this transformation is very sensitive to the diffusion mechanisms of the two phases because the migration of the highly strained interfaces separating O3 from P3 within a single particle is driven by Na-ion diffusion.
P2-type layered oxides on the other hand, typically operate within a broad solid solution range with high sodium-ion (de)insertion kinetics due to the wide diffusion channels of the prismatic sodium environments (Tarascon, 2020).
Based on our results, another way to optimize the Na + ion transport in NaSICONS could be to completely substitute P 5+ ions by Si 4+ ions while introducing M 5+ ions to ensure that sufficient unoccupied Na + sites are available.
As the electrochemical reaction is dominated by Mn redox in this voltage range, the smaller charge capacity is indicative of a lower content of Mn 3+ in Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2, which agrees well with the refined unit cell volume.
Symmetric sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) have become a research focus since they employ bi-functional electrode materials as both the cathode and the anode, resulting in reduced manufacturing cost and simplified fabrication process.
Furthermore, aer 500 cycles, the electrode composed of commercial Bi powder showed sodium ion accumulation (Fig. 5f, S12, S13 and Table S2 †), whereas the bismuth NSs electrode maintained a relatively intact morphology (Fig. 5c).
This work provides evidence of a novel promising electrolyte additive, nanozeolite, which is beneficial for sodium-ion battery cycle life at extremely low concentrations in comparison to standard electrolyte additives such as FEC.
The results reported here highlight the potential of compositionally and morphologically optimized NaFe 1.4 V 0.6 (PO 4 )(SO 4 ) 2 with higher particle surface areas as a cathode material for high-performance sodium-ion batteries.
Nevertheless, the cost of LIBs is rise because of the limited and unevenly distributed lithium source in the Earth's crust, which leads to a boom in the study of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) (Hwang et al., 2016;Nayak et al., 2018).
Normally, the NMR resonance of SEI layer in Na-ion batteries is located between 0 and À30 ppm. 60 From the XRD and TEM results, we can conclude that both electrodes maintained their structure and morphology aer long-term cycling.
Since the potential profiles of the NaCrO 2 positive electrodes were different during the discharge process, the sodium-ion supplying capability of the electrolyte inside the composite electrodes determines the full-cell capacity.
When tested as anode materials for sodium ion battery, the N-doped TiO 2 (B) nanorods show high specic capacity, good rate capability and enhanced cycling performance. uoroethylene carbonate (FEC) were bought from Sigma-Aldrich.
Similarly, Zhao's group applied a medium-entropy NASICONstructure cathode Na 3.5 V 0.5 Mn 0.5 Fe 0.5 Ti 0.5 (PO 4 ) 3 (Me-NVMP) for SIBs. 68 In situ XRD discloses that the Me-NVMP shows a solid-solution-type Na + storage behavior.
Because of its unique microstructure and morphology, new carbon materials have high sodium storage capacity and rate performance, so it is the future development direction of high-power carbon-based sodium storage anode materials.
Our findings may offer electrode design principles for accelerating the development of the sodium-ion technology. onsidering elemental abundance, the most appealing alternative to Li-based battery technology is undoubtedly sodium.
A remarkably low electrode potential of 0.3 V has been observed in step-layered sodium titanate Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 (NTO), together with a high capacity of 178 mA h g -1 (theoretically 311 mA h g -1 ), being comparable with hard carbon.
The better sodium storage performance of the nitrogen-rich mesoporous carbon was attributed to the disordered structure having a large interlayer distance, the interconnected porosity, and the richer surface chemistry in nitrogen.
In other words, the discharge plateaus at 2.0, 1.5, 1.0, and 0.5 V gradually appeared and extended, demonstrating the improvement of the sodium-ion exchange behavior caused by the increasing number of active electrochemical sites.
In this work, we have investigated the effect of Nb or V doping into sodium titanate Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 , on the electrode performance using rst-principles calculations, aiming to nd advanced anode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
Sodium metal and sodium-inserted HC react with tiny amounts of water, oxygen molecules, or vaporized electrolyte solvent more actively than lithium or lithium-inserted HC, even in sealed NMR sample rotors or an Ar-lled glove box.
The insights provided herein aim to highlight the potential of Cu-substituted or Cu-containing layered oxides as a viable pathway toward high-performance and resource-accessible SIB cathodes for future energy storage applications.
However, the corresponding energy density of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) is lower than that of LIBs due to the low potential of sodium versus the standard hydrogen electrode (SHE), namely, Na + /Na: -2.71 V and Li + /Li: -3.04 V .
Thus, one of the front-line challenges in commercializing nextgeneration SIBs is finding a suitable alloying material as an SIB anode that can overcome these challenges without compromising capacity or efficiency in the long run .
Chen et al. explored its function as an electrolyte additive for improving SIB cathode performance. 99 They demonstrated that LiDFOB effectively inhibits electrolyte decomposition and HF-induced corrosion at the electrode surface.
The galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) was used to calculate the sodium-ion diffusion coefficients, where current pulses (30 mA g À1 ) were applied for 1200 s, and relaxation potentials were measured for 3600 s.
The well dispersed CNTs can provide highly electronic conductive network within the hard carbon, as suggested by the work reported. 24 To study the structural properties of the samples, XRD and Raman spectroscopy were carried out.
The oxidation of the electrolyte and subsequent formation of the EEI is not expected at OCV, but a similar EEI is chemically formed before cycling, as confirmed by XPS and in agreement with previous EEI studies of SIB electrodes .
Firstly, to verify the electrochemical sodium storage properties of the ML-DFT predicted (NMVAP, NMVFP, and NMVTP) materials were synthesized via a rapid pyro-synthesis process (the detailed information can be found in the ESI †).
Timedependent electrochemical behavior and the performance difference between full cells and half cells derive from the porosity nature of hard carbons and related pre-desolvation, which is generally neglected in previous studies.
In the early 2000s, while studying the galvanostatic profiles of hard carbons (i.e., voltage vs. capacity curves), Stevens and Dahn associated for the first time the low-voltage plateau region (i.e., potential lower than 0.1 V vs.
The as-prepared CNFIG framework provides ultra-stable channels and the supporting pillars between different carbon layers, facilitating efficient pathways for the rapid penetration of electrolyte and quick transfer of sodium ions.
The Na-rich cathode design leads to a slight capacity increase during the initial cycling process, compensating for the Na + consumed during SEI layer formation on the hard carbon anode, improving the initial Coulombic efficiency.
The reverse process occurred during discharge: the welldefined and sharp P2 peaks were slowly recuperated upon sodium insertion, which means that the stacking faults formed previously during charge are eliminated during discharge.
SIBs anode materials are generally classified into four types based on the reaction mechanism: sodium metal anode materials based on sodium deposition; insertion-type mechanisms; alloy-type materials and conversion-type materials.
Replacing high-cost lithium-ion cells with lower-cost sodium-ion batteries is one option frequently considered in future energy models, but the details of what can be achieve with optimized sodium cell performance remains unclear.
Additionally, the full cell assembled with Prussian blue as the cathode and the as-prepared HC anode exhibited a discharge capacity of about 256 mA h g -1 and excellent cycling behavior with 82% capacity retention aer 100 cycles.
Depending on the structure of the crystallized materials, polyanions can be classified as olivine, 27 alluaudite, 28 , 29 tavorite, 30 Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 , 31 -33 or NA-Super-Ionic-CONductors 34 , 35 (NASICON)-like structures.
Zhou et al. 17 prepared uorinated hard carbon through the direct gas uorination, which had an energy density of up to 2466 W kg -1 and good rate capacity with a specic capacity exceeding 600 mA h g -1 at a discharge rate of 5C.
In this study, in order to clarify the cycle deterioration mechanism of Na(Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 Co 1/3 )O 2 , we assembled a test cell with hard carbon as the counter electrode and investigated the charge-discharge cycle characteristics.
The structural aspects of pulverisation in the sample P2-CuS indicate a tetrahedral skewed matrix of CuS (SSR) with a layered structure and a larger void, creating more space for facilitated Na-ion insertion and removal mechanism.
The samples were heated to 300 °C for 10 min in ambient air, and then reheated to 700 °C for 10 min in a reducing atmosphere (95% Ar + 5% H 2 ) to transform residual NiO to Ni in the porous Nasicon layer and the current collector.
Compared with the hexagonal FeSe exhibiting only a small capacity below ~150 mAh g -1 , t-FeSe shows superior electrochemical sodium-ion storage performance, delivering a capacity of ~400 mAh g -1 at a rate of 0.5 C for 30 cycles.
Na2Fe0.6Mn0.4PO4F/C, a better electrode material for Na-ion batteries, is spray dried using a custom-designed spray drier in order to investigate the heat and mass transfer properties of the material throughout the drying process.
The Na + diffusion coefficients (D Na+ ) of CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 cathode were measured through the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT), and the detailed calculation process is described in Supplementary Note 2.
To further confirm the absence of sodium metal deposition on the high-entropy MOFs electrode, sodiumion capacitor cells cycled for 900 cycles were disassembled, and the surface of the high-entropy MOFs electrode was observed (Fig.
Following the sharp increase, there is a subsequent decrease in current density, which may be attributed to the complete utilization of sodium ions on the electrode surface, resulting in a decline in the rate of sodium deposition.
All analyzed SIB cells exhibited lower specific energy and higher cradle-to-gate GWP compared to LIBs, namely NMC622/ graphite (272 Wh kg À1 , 44.8 kg CO 2 -eq. kWh À1 ) and LFP/graphite (197 Wh kg À1 , 49.6 kg CO 2 -eq. kWh À1 ).
The theoretical capacity and corresponding electrochemical reaction formula is showing below: n is the theoretical mole number of the de-insertion sodium ions; F is the Faraday constant; M is the mole mass of the cathode material.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs), A x M[M � (CN) 6 ] 1-y ⋅ zH 2 O , are a highly functional class of materials with use in a broad range of applications, such as energy storage, due to their porous structure and tunable composition.
The liquid range of the electrolyte is another key parameter for LIB and SIB performance, since the electrolyte should remain in the liquid state in order to keep the ionic conductivity practical and to wet the porous electrodes .
The improved rate and cycle performances are attributed to the fast kinetics and structural stability with Cu substitution, which make Cu-containing layered oxide an attractive choice as cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
The PN-CFs showed great reversible capacities of 210 mAh g -1 at a current density of 0.05 A g -1 and excellent cyclic stability of 170.5 mAh g -1 at a current density of 0.2 A g -1 after 600 cycles in sodium ion batteries (SIBs).
Among these materials, rod-in-tube TiO 2 with a uniform carbon coating shows the highest electronic conductivity, specific surface area (336.4 m 2 g -1 ), and porosity, and these factors lead to the best sodium storage capability.
It can be observed that the sharp edge of hard carbon becomes smooth because of a homogeneous SEI coverage but the particle has no obvious pulverization aer 360 cycles, indicating that the structure of hard carbon is not damaged.
The SEI can prevent the solvent intercalation and helps to the electrode stability and cyclability, but its formation consumes sodium ions and then lead to an irreversible capacity as well as cell polarization and diffusivity [14,.
Rechargeable sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted increasing attention for large-scale energy storage in renewable energy and smart grid applications, owing to their favorable energy density, natural abundance, and low cost .
Although NFM is a high-performance cathode material, primarily due to its high capacity and stable electrochemical behavior, this issue presents a significant challenge to its practical application in low-cost sodium ion batteries.
Our findings highlight the importance of the atmospheric conditions for the synthesis of oxide cathode materials and these fundamental insights unlock avenues for developing novel high-energy-density sodium-ion battery chemistries.
The porous structure can enrich the sulphur doping and shorten the ion diffusion distance, and the doped S could not only enhance the electrical conductivity of carbon, but also provide excess reaction sites for sodium-ion storage.
Here we demonstrate and prove by quantitative kinetics analysis, the pseudocapacitive contribution to the high capacity of Na-ion storage in few-layered SnS nanosheet arrays directly grown on a graphene foam (GF) backbone (Fig. 1).
According to Table 1, by increase of Zr content in the glass composition, lattice parameters along with the d-spacing have been both increased confirming partial substitution of Ti ions by Zr ions in the structure of NASICON Phase.
We rst highlight the importance of normalization for comparability for carboncontaining composite electrodes. components in an electrode could store sodium-ions, as we have demonstrated by probing different pure carbon electrodes.
While the fully charged (CH3.9V) sample of disordered Na(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2 may ideally be expected to have a composition of Na1/3(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2, the electrochemically determined capacity is expected to be closer to Na0.4(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2.
The CV curves at different scanning rates, Galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) are employed to study the migration dynamic of sodium ions in NaFe[O 3 PCH(OH)CO 2 ].
In order to probe the role of the ultramicroporosity on the electrochemical sodiation, hard carbons carbonized at 950 °C series have been integrated into coin cells face to metallic sodium in order to perform galvanostatic cycling.
The acid treatment has been identified as an essential step in the synthesis, as the various binder components have different sensitivities towards hydrolysis, which strongly affects the characteristics of the derived hard carbons.
Here, we study the electrochemical properties of selfpolymerized dopamine using both DFT computation and experimental methods, proposing polydopamine as a promising organic cathode material for rechargeable Li-and Na-ion batteries.
The electrochemical properties of the MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid and pure MoS 2 were evaluated by assembled coin cells with pure sodium metal as the counter electrode, and pure MoS 2 or MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid as the anode materials (Fig. 5).
Compared to Na 2 ZrCl 6 and Na 0.5 ZrCl 4.5 , Na 0.5 ZrCl 4 F 0.5 demonstrates a more disordered Zr-F/ Cl polyhedron with averaged Zr-X (X = Cl, F) bond lengths, contributing to flattening the energy landscape for Na-ion migration.
The NMVTP/C cathode material established in this work is recognized to be one of the nest electrochemical presentations and encouraging SIB systems, which could certainly be streamlined to large-scale constructions in near future.
Prussian blue analogue (PBA) materials, built on the hexacyanoferrate [Fe (II) (CN) 6 ] 4-metal complex, contain redoxactive transition metal ions embedded in a exible framework with tuneable structure, composition and properties.
These favorable transport properties, comparable to those listed in the DDSE (including those collected in Table 4), underscore the potential of Na 2 MgCl 4 for synthesis and performance evaluation in sodium-ion battery technology.
Although the ionic conductivity of the secondary phase itself is low, it has been understood that the ionic conductivity of the bulk phase of the NASICONs is improved by the synergistic effect originating from the secondary phase .
According to this procedure, a cationic transference number equal to 0.986 is obtained, which can be associated to the contributions of NASICON's solid-state electrolyte in driving the free movement of Na ions and trapping anions .
In this study, we investigated the inuence of different synthesis conditions and the stabilizing effect imparted by Mg(II)-doping on the electrochemical and structural properties of new cathodic materials for sodium-ion batteries.
This is why sodium-ion batteries presently could find application only in stationary applications like renewable energy storage for homes and the grid energy stabilization, where cost is more important than size and energy density.
Here, we demonstrate that Ti-substituted Na 0.44 MnO 2 (Na 0.44 [Mn 1-x Ti x ]O 2 (x ¼ 0.11, 0.22, 0.33, 0.44, 0.56) can be used as a negative electrode material in aqueous sodium-ion batteries with very stable cycling performance.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are one of the most remarkable energy storage technologies that can replace LIBs in smart grids , as Na and Li have analogous chemical characteristics, and sodium resources are abundant and inexpensive .
The second is that the formed crystal water, which is very easy to occur during the synthesis of the compound, will damage the crystal lattice and even the Na content, resulting in serious safety problems for sodium-ion batteries .
Theoretically, high-entropy MOFs exhibit excellent electronic conductivity, low sodium-ion adsorption energy, and small sodium-ion migration energy barriers, which will improve the sodium rate storage performance of MOFs materials.
Hard carbon is widely regarded as one of the most promising anode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), yet achieving high energy density requires a significant enhancement of the low-voltage plateau capacity near ~ 0.1 V (vs.
The optimal Mg-doped vA-NASICON (Mg 0.05 NZSP) exhibited a high ionic conductivity of 3.64×10 -3 S•cm -1 , which was almost 80% higher than that of the undoped vA-NASICON (2.03×10 -3 S•cm -1 ), and a high relative density of 96.6%.
Electrochemical cycling of FS-PW (Figure S7) revealed an initial capacity from the first cycle of 155 mAh/g corresponding to 1.8 sodium-ions per f.u. which agrees well with the sodium content determined from Mössbauer spectroscopy.
Other than the superior ultrasmall-coated nanoparticle assembly, multiple optimizations were applied, including electrolyte and binder modifications, all of which improved the ICE and long-term performance of the derived SIB anode.
A platinum plate served as the counter electrode, while potential values were monitored using a AgCl/Ag reference electrode (saturated KCl electrolyte) and subsequently referred to the Na⁺/Na scale (E Na+ /Na = -2.97 V vs AgCl/Ag).
As for the negative electrodes, since the successful utilization of graphitic carbon in LIB could not be mimicked in NIBs, alternative materials, including hard carbons, alloying and conversion materials, will be covered in detail.
As early as 2021, a N/S/O-tri-doped hard carbon network has been applied to K + storage. 106 The expanded interlayer distance made fast transfer of K + possible, retaining 136 mA h g À1 over 200 cycles at a current of 500 mA g À1 .
Layered oxides with the general composition Na x MO 2 (M=transition metal) have attracted a lot of attention for their composition diversity and promising electrochemical performances as positive electrode for sodium-ion batteries.
In the previous work by Vaalma et al., they reported that B-doping helps to stabilize the cationic redox of P2-type Na 2/3 MnO 2 cathode material, but with complex phase transition and fast capacity degradation at high voltage 35 .
Commercial Na 3 VP and hard carbon (BHC400) powders were purchased from Guangdong Canrd New Energy Technology Co., Ltd Phenazine, biphenyl, naphthalene and electron-grade Nmethyl-2-pyrrolidone (NMP) were obtained from Aladdin Chem.
The CE then settles around 99% for the next 20 cycles, and the capacity further decreases with cycling (77% capacity retention aer 20 cycles), although more slowly than with the pristine hard carbon anode (65% capacity retention).
Binary metal compounds, which can store sodium ions through the conversion reaction mechanism, are expected to become the alternative anodes for SIBs owing to the great abundant species and excellent theoretical specific capacity .
Sodium ions transfer from one NaO 6 octahedral site to another via the adjacent tetrahedron, resulting in the formation of Na + /vacancy superstructures in Na-poor phase, which can be observed though the Laue diffraction patterns .
Notably, the physical and chemical properties of sodium, are very similar to those of lithium. 6,7 Therefore, sodium-ion batteries have received signicant research attention and are considered promising candidates to replace LIBs.
The high applied current density in this study is likely sufficient to establish similarly drastic concentration gradients and the gradients near the Na|NaSICON interfaces are likely much different than within the bulk electrolyte.
From a materials point of view, a stabilisation via compositional variation (Zuo et al., 2020) or application of protective surface coatings allow direct processing of sodium ion cathode materials in standard large scale production.
At the electrolyteelectrode interface, 15PBS preferentially adsorbed onto hard carbon, displacing solvents within the electric double layer to form insoluble phenyl-rich sulfide solid electrolyte interphase with fast Na + transport.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are one of the most promising candidates of lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) for large-scale electrical energy storage and low-speed electric vehicles due to the low cost and abundance of sodium resources 1 .
To investigate sodium ion transport, the diffusion coefficient values are quantified using GITT and CV analysis, supported by BVSE mapping that indicates a moderate migration barrier (∼0.76 eV), suggesting efficient Na-ion mobility.
With respect to the anode side, various types of hard carbon have been revealed to deliver considerable reversible capacity, but their low potential and large polarization raise safety issues for the practical battery applications .
A P2-type layer metal oxide, Na 0.66 [Li 0.22 Ti 0.78 ]O 2 19 , claimed as a "zero-strain" anode material, exhibits only ~0.77% volume change during sodium insertion/extraction and delivers ~116 mAh/g reversible capacity at ~0.75 V.
Both the coating layer and CNTs weave a highly conductive 3D network for the migration of electron and Na-ion, which leads to the excellent rate capability and cycling performance of the micron-sized (5-10 µm) NVPF@C/CNTs composite.
Given the intricate compositions and composite nature of lignocellulosic materials, it becomes imperative to prioritize factors crucial for the fabrication of hard carbon anodes that exhibit enhanced sodium-ion storage capabilities.
Keywords: Na-ion batteries, cathode materials, Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 , carbon nanotubes, hydrothermal Recently years, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been receiving great attention due to the low cost and abundant sodium resource.
In order to collect these articles for data extraction, literature collection was carried out by combining Python HTTP libraries "urllib3" and "requests" with "Sodium ion battery" as the keyword and the search year was 2010 to 2023.
Significant progress in the synthesis of Na-ion LTMO materials has been made in the last decade but a complete understanding of how each method can be controlled in order to form the desired morphology and structure remains elusive.
The sequence of the next sodiation processes indicates that the adsorption of Na + ions on the hard carbon surface and their insertion between the graphene layers occurs rst, followed by the lling of the surface of the pore walls.
Several materials were investigated as negative electrodes for KIBs such as carbons (graphite, hard carbon) 12 , metal alloys (Sn, Sb, Bi and P based alloys...) , metal oxides (FexOy, SnO2…) 16 and metal sulphides (MoS2, SnS2…) 16 .
These cathode materials are essentially classified into layer transition oxides, organic compounds, Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) and polyanionic compounds, for example, phosphates, fluorosulfates, pyrophosphates and oxychlorides .
In addition, the designed 18650/33140 cylindrical cells using modified PBAs and hard carbon display enhanced cycling stability (80% capacity/energy retention after 1000 cycles) and wide temperature working ability (-40 o C-100 o C).
Nowadays, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered an alternative to LIBs due to the fact that sodium is the fourth most abundant element on earth, and compared with lithium, Na has quite similar physical and chemical properties .
A dendrite forms as sodium diffuses through the SEI and towards the surface, and the ionic mobility is reduced leading to the likelihood of recombination with an electron, which would then cause sodium to isolate within the NASICON.
Hard carbon materials have a non-graphitizable and disordered structure, which includes various structural defects, amorphous regions, pseudo-graphitic domains (short turbostratic stacked graphene layers) and nanopores (Figure 8.b).
It can be observed that the internal volume that remains inaccessible for the physisorption of nitrogen but may still be accessible for sodium storage (in the following referred to as "closed pores") increases at higher temperature.
In addition to structural and textural features, a comprehensive understanding of the surface chemistry of hard carbon materials is crucial, given that electrolyte-HC electrode interactions determine the electrochemical performance.
Theoretically, the urchin-like porous structure and high N, S doping contribute to the optimization of electronic/ionic conductivity, resulting in the improvement of sodium storage performance (Zhang et al., 2018;Hong et al., 2019).
Based on a screening of commercially pursued SIB active materials and their electrochemical properties, a comprehensive modeling approach was applied to determine the energy density and CF of SIB cells produced at gigafactory-scale.
The combination of lowering the pre-pyrolysis temperature and increasing the post-pyrolysis temperature has an enormous effect on the structural properties of the hard carbons while maintaining some of the peat's cellular structure.
In addition, under the in-situ polarization of the external electric field and the compressive stress of the SnO 2 shell, BTO generates a unique built-in electric field (BIEF) and greatly increases the diffusion rate of sodium ions.
Through the above analysis, the application of SIB pack technology is feasible in terms of technology and economy, and the purchase cost and cycle number of batteries are the main factors affecting the energy storage system of SIBs.
Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 coupled with a suitable high capacity and low potential anode material such as Tin (Sn), Phosphorous (P) and Iron and Germanium Phosphide (FeP and GeP) can help the high energy density of the Na-ion batteries.
They used commercial glassy carbons as well as hard carbons prepared from sucrose pyrolyzed at 1100 °C, 1400 °C and 1600 °C, characterized by Galvanostatic Intermittent Titration Technique (GITT) and ex situ X-Ray Diffraction (XRD).
It is observed, however, that the homogeneous vitreous appearance of NASICON 2, synthesized in the absence of colloid SiO 2 is not so strongly pronounced in comparison to NASICON 1 and total loss of grainy structure is not observed.
Although biomass-based hard carbon exhibits a fair electrochemical property in SIBs, the low initial coulombic efficiency and the weak cycling performance hinder the commercial application of the hard carbon anode material for SIBs.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are a promising candidate for nextgeneration batteries, as sodium is an abundant element with an easy-access source, which translates into a low-cost and sustainable alternative energy storage technology.
Hard carbon, a common SIB anode, exhibits lower thermal stability than graphite in lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), with exothermic peaks at ~ 190 °C and ~ 270 °C and a thermal effect of 610 J/g (versus 449 J/g for graphite at 297 °C).
Some of the most promising cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries are based on a combination of Ni and Mn due to their comparatively high capacity, attractive working potential, high ionic Na + mobility and low toxicity 4,9,10 .
The more stable and efficient cesium-adsorption mechanism can be expected, because of the stable crystal structure without manganese and cyano-ligand vacancies and ion-conduction between cesium and sodium ions under applied voltage.
In this work, we have studied the reaction mechanism and calcination behavior of a popular O3-type cathode material for sodium-ion layered oxides, NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 (NFM333), from a coprecipitated metal hydroxide precursor.
The image of the SnNaSICONSn-100 in Figure 3d was also captured at much lower magnification to show more of the cross-section and the entire cross-section of the SnNaSICONSn-100 pellet is presented as a stitched image in Figure S8a.
Lastly, the modeling found ICE to be a very important factor that influences the reversible capacities of hard carbon anodes for sodium-ion batteries, which matches literature findings, and possibly validates the modeling procedure.
Based on the coordination configuration of sodium ions in TMO 6 (TM = Ni, Co, Mn, Fe) polyhedral and the stacking mode of oxygen, sodium-manganese layered oxides (NMLOs) can be divided into four main categories: O3, O2, P3, P2, etc.
S11, SI) indicate that with increasing phosphorization content, the initial discharge capacity increases, which should be attributed to the reaction between sodium metal and the phosphide layer, forming Na 3 P components in the SEI.
Recently, emerging sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been deemed to be the new-generation battery for largescale energy storage applications benefitting for abundant resources, low cost and low standard hydrogen potential (-2.71 V) .
Therefore, a wide variety of sodium-based cathode materials have been studied, including polyanionic materials (phosphates, pyrophosphates, and mixed polyanions), organic compounds, Prussian Blue analogs (PBAs), and layered oxides .
In addition, DFT calculations reveal that the layered-columnar structures with the organic ligand of 3-phosphonopropionic acid have a lower sodium ion migration barrier, which are expected to be applied to all-solid-state batteries.
The nano size-crystallizing of Prussian blue is applicable to enhance the cesium-adsorptivity, as the larger surface area can be given. in fact, Kawamoto et al. demonstrated the higher cesium-adsorptivity in nano size Prussian blue .
The excess cathode material, which remains inactive along further electrochemical cycles, significantly reduces the SIB energy density while increasing the cell cost (note that the cathode is around 1/3 of the total battery cost) 6 .
As illustrated in Figure 3C, Xu et al. analyzed the sodium ion deintercalation process in sodium-containing layered metal oxides Na x TMO 2 (TM = Ni, Cu, Fe, Mn) within both the P2 and O3 phases with electrochemical collision method.
The increase in capacity of 67 mA h g À1 achieved with the silicon nitride-based composite, compared to the pure hard carbon, corresponds to a capacity of 848 mA h g À1 when normalised by the mass of silicon nitride in the composite.
A special case is observed at x ¼ 0.5, characterised by the presence of two energy barriers in the calculated energy pathways for layer gliding, where reordering of the sodium ions appears to be a prerequisite to the gliding process.
Effect of the concentrated electrolyte on the operation voltage was studied in aqueous Na-ion battery with Na 2 MnFe(CN) 6 hexacyanoferrates cathode and NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 NASICON-type anode, in order to increase the discharge voltage.
However, the Na diffusion pathway between adjacent octahedral sites takes place via edge sharing tetrahedral sites, which contributes towards the higher energy barrier for diffusion of sodium ions and therefore poor rate performance.
Overall, the rate capability of sodium insertion was determined to be faster and show less impedance compared with lithium insertion at the same HC, as well as comparable to the lithium intercalation into diluted graphite electrodes.
This approach not only widens the voltage window of sodium metal batteries (SMBs) but also ensures long-term stability and durability, offering new insights for developing high-energy-density batteries. 3.1.4 NaFSI-based electrolyte.
The sodium storage ability of fabricated carbonaceous anodes was compared through various electrochemical tests, including galvanostatic discharging/charging, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS), and cyclic voltammetry (CV).
During both sodiation and desodiation processes, the diffusion coefficients of sodium ions in the electrodes are in the range of 10 À8 to 10 À9 cm 2 s À1 , consistent with values previously reported for hard carbons (Fig. 1g and Fig.
The anode, and here especially the production of the hard carbon active material, turns out to be an important driver for the global warming potential, the battery component being with the highest contribution to the total GWP (24%).
From the SEM images and EDS results in Fig. 7, one can see that these dense and uniform active material lms can be successfully deposited in the copper foil, demonstrating the application potential of CSS process in SIB fabrication.
HTC of different saccharides is known to produce microspheres (MS) with mostly Gaussian size distribution, which are utilized as functional materials in various applications, both as pristine MS and as a precursor for hard carbon MS.
The dopants of Ni-single atoms in N, P co-doped hard carbon accommodate the composition of the interface layer formed from solid electrolyte, thus maintaining the state of Ni-single atoms-modified N, P co-doped hard carbon (Ni-NPC) .
Layered Na 5 V 12 O 32 (Na 1.25 V 3 O 8 ) serves as an appealing layered oxide cathode for sodium-ion batteries, and delivers a theoretical specific capacity of 260 mAh g -1 with a wide voltage window (1.5-4.0 V, versus Na/Na + ) 7 .
Combined with the excellent sodium storage performance of KTiOPO 4 in the form of both thin film electrode and conventional high mass loading powder electrode, we demonstrate its suitability as a sodium host via the pillar chemistry.
Collectively, in situ XRD and X-ray PDF analyses suggests a solid solution intercalation reaction of (Ni)MnO2 during electrochemical Na-ion storage with reversible evolution of long-range crystal structure and local atomic structure.
Among the existing sodium cathode materials, layered transition metal oxides (NaxMO2, M=transition metals) are considered as a sort of promising cathodes for SIBs especially for their low cost and high theoretical specific capacity .
Our combined first principles calculations and experimental studies revealed a new trapping mechanism, showing that the high binding energies between B-doping induced defects and Na-ions are responsible for the irreversible capacity.
Because of the sluggish sodium-ion diffusion in TiO 2 , the kinetics of insertion and conversion reactions is rather poor. 53 Therefore, it is important to design nanostructures together with a porous texture to improve the kinetics.
As a result, not only the charge-transfer reactions on the electrode/electrolyte interfaces but also the diffusion of Na-ions in the solid phase will be favourable, which bring about the excellent rate behaviour of MoSe 2 /MoO 2 /NC.
For the K + storage of hard carbon anodes, another important mechanism is the surface-driven adsorption, that is, K + is absorbed in the defects, surfaces and nanoholes of hard carbon materials, which is a pseudocapacitance behavior.
In the SEM image, it was confirmed that the empty space between the NASICON crystals was filled in with a black material, which was identified as a polymer material containing C through the EDS analysis shown in Figures 3(c) and (f).
The cathode material elements such as manganese, nickel-cobalt (NMC), are important metals for sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) because of their abilities to operate in high voltages and large energies that can be stored in a small space.
The reversible capacities of MoSe 2 /NC at various current rates are obviously lower than those of MoSe 2 /MoO 2 /NC, suggesting the synergistic effect of ternary phases for improving the Na-ion storage capacity and rate performance.
This decline in values of sodium ion diffusion can be explained by the critically slowest electrochemical reactions in these regions because of the strong interference of other surrounding ions with diffusion kinetics of sodium ions.
To overcome electronic transport issues of layered titanates in sodium-ion batteries, we have designed and synthesized composites of lepidocrocite titanates with reduced graphene oxide through a solution-based self-assembly approach.
Coin cells for Na-ion batteries (NIBs) were assembled using sodium metal as the counter electrode, 1.2 M NaClO4 in ethylene carbonate/diethyl carbonate (EC/DEC) (1:1 by volume) electrolyte, and glass fiber (Whatman) as the separator.
The sufficient interlayer spacing for the deintercalation of Na ions and enhanced electrical conductivity, which is facilitated by the partial crystallinity, could render lignin-based hard carbon an effective anode material for SIBs.
Electrochemical performance and charge transfer resistance through the sodium metal electrode/electrolyte interface was determined in a symmetrical Na|NZSP|Na cell and evaluated using galvanostatic and impedance spectroscopy methods.
Figure 9 shows an overview of the literature data on the evolution of the d-spacing for various hard carbon-based resources (i.e., biomass, biopolymers, and synthetic polymers) subject to thermal treatment between 600 °C and 2000 °C.
The corresponding papers were identified by screening over two million materials science articles with criteria for specific materials (i.e., NASICONs) and properties (i.e., ionic conductivity) via chemical named entity recognition .
According to Yao et al., a symmetric SIB that has phosphate Na3V2(PO4)3 as a cathode and Na4V2(PO4)3 as an anode can reach a high energy density and lead to a stabilized electrochemical performance, which is higher than 3000 cycles .
By employing the cross-linked interaction between glucose and phytic acid to achieve the in situ P doped spherical hard carbon, the obtained PHC-0.2 possesses a large interlayer space that facilitates Na + storage and transportation.
The advantages of low cost and high efficiency of the SIB energy storage system will be reflected in the application scenarios, which can further reduce the energy loss and promote the perfection of the Chinese electric power market.
Na/Na + , 1.8 g cm À3 ) scenario (Fig. 3b andd), SIB cell chemistries from all material classes reach competitive, specific energies or even surpass LFP: O3-NFM111/424 (+5%/+6% for pouch), O3-ZNMT (+9%), NVPF (À1%), and Mn-PBA (À5%).
A specic energy of 160 W h kg À1 is obtained between 0 and 3 V in a full cell conguration using a hard carbon anode, and can be increased above 200 W h kg À1 if the loss of Na during SEI formation on the hard carbon is compensated.
For example, raw materials characterized by encapsulating the precursor with a hard template can form hard carbon rich in closed pores during carbonization and washing, but the hard template has difficulty entering the coal interior.
The cells consisted of a disc electrode, sodium metal as a counter/reference electrode, a glass fiber separator (Whatman, GF/F) and the electrolyte (1M NaClO4 in propylene carbonate containing 3 % fluoroethylene carbonate by weight).
The anisotropic expansion in NASICON has previously been reported in several studies. 13,75 Additionally, there are differences in temperature-dependent lattice parameter a between the rhombohedral and monoclinic structural ts (Fig.
As a result, NASICON is an alternative since it is a solid electrolyte , is extensively distributed in nature, and also has nearly the same properties as lithium, allowing it to be employed as a battery material with a big capacity .
When employed as an anode material for sodium-ion batteries, hollow CoS 2 /NC nanoboxes delivered an outstanding desodiation capacity of 619.4 mAh•g -1 at 5 A•g -1 over 400 cycles with an average capacity loss of only 0.04% per cycle.
The regions with significant metal accumulation are also regions where current is likely concentrated due to improved Na wetting on the NaSICON surface, explaining why the entire surface does not display this color and microstructure.
The accurate matching of Abbreviation definitions is particularly noteworthy, as it serves as a crucial prerequisite for successful extraction of cycling performance and rate performance properties of sodium layered cathode materials.
Sodium ions, having a different radius than lithium ions, cannot intercalate effectively into graphite, requiring a larger interlayer spacing than what ordinary graphite materials can provide, thus increasing the overall cost of SIBs.
Finally, a less pronounced peak at 283.52 eV indicates the presence of inserted sodium within the hard carbon structure (Na x -HC). The O 1s peak tting (Fig. 2b) reveals additional surface species: one at lower binding energies (530.
A proof-of-concept all-carbon full cell with rGO as the cathode and hard carbon (HC) as the anode, showed a specific energy of 80 W h kg À1 and high stability over 500 cycles, confirming that rGO is a viable cathode material for SIBs.
Dynamic dual-polarity SIMS identified the SEI to be composed of oxide species that formed along the sodium mass transport columns and degraded the grain boundaries, leading to dendrite formation at the sodium metal|NASICON interfaces.
Solid electrolytes for all solid sodium-ion batteries have been attracting much attention as an alternative energy storage system, which have the advantage of being extremely safe because it can be charged quickly and is nonflammable.
Notably, the Ca-doped sample exhibits lower Na + diffusivity because the Ca 2+ ions incorporated into the interlayer partially hinder Na-ion diffusion, consistent with its relatively poor rate performance and low-temperature behavior.
For NLNMO with Li doping, however, the switch to Ni redox accompanied by the Mn redox suppression seems to happen at a much lower voltage range from Na1 to Na2/3 (Figure 4h), as indicated by the already high Ni DOS intensity at Na2/3.
It should be considered that arranging sodium storage sites, not only of the void between carbon layers, but also of the space related to the defect structures, is important for the development of HC electrodes for high-capacity NIBs.
The C 1s XPS spectra showed the formation of lithium carbonate species with increased SEI concentration on the hard carbon at the instant of Li salt addition, and the atomic concentration of the Li ion in the SEI was 3.9% (Fig. 1d,e).
These are part of LiB and SiB components (binder, electrolyte, additives and separator), and thus have to be evaluated cautiously. 84 It is expected that PFAS will be considered more in an updated version of the ECHA database in 2024.
The approach to functionalizing the graphene oxide (GO) with the alkali-metal-ions have exhibited reasonable sodium storage capacity as anodes for SIBs with long cycle life of upto 600 cycles at a high current density of 1 A g -1 37 .
Different publications have reported hard carbon anodes obtained from a wide variety of biomass precursors (Figure 3.b), including corn cobs 62,63 , lotus 26 , various nut shells 24, 64, 65 , pine 66 , and different tree woods 67,68 .
Pseudocapacitive sodium storage in a composite of nanostructured doped TiO 2 with graphene has been reported to be characterized by high-rate performance , which is enabled by improved charge transfer and electron/ion conductivities .
It has been revealed in other Mn-based P2-type layered oxides that the oxygen can also participate the charge compensation within higher voltage region, thus the structural change around the Mn is possibly induced by the oxygen redox.
Moreover, a magnified view of the low-frequency region demonstrates that V 1.87 FeS 4 possesses the smallest diffusion impedance, which clearly indicates that it is conducive to the diffusion and transmission of sodium ions (Fig. 5i).
This is despite very encouraging performances achieved with Prussian blue analogues, a related materials class. Herein, we report for the rst time the electrochemical activity of a MOF (Fe-MIL-100) 26 as an electrode for aqueous NIB.
As a promising polyanionic cathode material of sodium-ion batteries, Na3V2(PO4)2F3 (NVPF) belonging to NASICON exhibits large gap space and excellent structural stability, leading to a high energy density and ultralong cycle lifespan.
After the first scan, only one pair of cathodic/anodic peaks at low voltage can be detected, manifesting reversible sodium storage, and the well-maintained CV shape reveals its good reversibility (Li and Zhang, 2018;Li et al., 2019f).
We have prepared "conventional" hard carbons by pyrolysis of sucrose at 1100 ˚C, and all hard carbon samples in this study are of consistently low specific surface areas, i.e., <10 m 2 /g enabled by our well-established method 10,28 .
In summary, we had prepared holly leaf-derived hard carbon (HTPC-H-160/180) with lamellar structure comprised of enlarged nano-pores of tiny graphite-like domains and meso-pores by hydrothermal treatment followed by pyrolysis process.
The long-term cycling stability and corresponding coulombic efficiency of the FARSIB were tested at 2.0 A cm -3 (Fig. 6c), still maintaining about 84.7% of initial capacity after 500 cycles and high coulombic efficiency close to 100%.
Also, Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 shows good cycle performance，and the capacity still maintains 47 mAh g -1 after 250 cycles, the corresponding capacity retention is 75%, and the Coulombic efficiency is close to 100% except for the first cycle.
Since the radius of sodium ions (1.02 Å) is 40% larger than that of lithium ions (0.76 Å), this will produce a larger volume expansion during discharge and charge processes, resulting in terrible cycle stability and rate performance .
Here, care has to be taken to source hard carbon from processes and precursors with low associated impacts, otherwise the impacts from the anode active material might jeopardise the promising environmental performance of emerging SIB.
The theoretical valence state of the Mn ions in the NaMnO 2 phase was 3 + , and the average valence states of Mn were calculated using the peak areas for x = 1, 1.3, 1.5, 1.7, and 2.0 as 2.81, 3.12, 3.14, 3.13, and 3.13, respectively.
There is scope to study the effects of trying different precursor particle size combinations and mixing the powders or a range of sizes to see the effect this has, as well as transferring this research to alternative forms of NASICON.
Comparing the components of Na, Si, Zr, and P, which are all contained in NASICON, with the components of C, which are only contained in the Epoxy polymers, we can see that the Epoxy polymer is completely contained in the inner pores.
Passerini and co-workers prepared a quaternary P3/P2/O3-type layered cathode (Na 0.76 Mn 0.5 Ni 0.3 Fe 0.1 Mg 0.1 O 2 ) (Fig. 9a), which showed high reversible capacity, average coulombic efficiencies and excellent capacity retention.
A thin layer (~10 nm) of Au was deposited on the anode side of the dense Nasicon electrolyte in the duplex by using ioncoater (PS-1200, ParaOne) to make a homogeneous interface between Na metal anode and the dense Nasicon electrolyte.
A recent study by Mortemard de Boisse et al. 27 demonstrated the better cyclability of O3-type Na x Mn 1/2 Fe 1/2 O 2 relative to P2-type Na x Mn 1/2 Fe 1/2 O 2 (though the initial capacity of the O3-type compound was slightly lower).
Consequently, this structurally robust layered material optimizes sodium-ion diffusion between the trigonal prismatic sites throughout the majority of the charge-discharge progression, unhindered by macroscopic lattice rearrangements.
We found that 29 manually annotated articles containing the label "Sodium layered oxide cathode" in the original dataset were not successfully identified, and they were added to the final corpus, resulting in a total of 1747 articles.
As shown, the typical examples clearly demonstrate the structure advantages of the 3D porous carbons for high sodium storage performances, including hierarchically porous structure, rich pores, and high ionic/ electronic conductivity.
We assumed that molecules with small RMSD C values would be stable over their redox reactions with sodium metal Applying this criterion, 289 of the 326 purchasable quinones (i.e. 88% of the compounds) were found to have RMSD C r t b .
They can contain varying amounts of sodium ions in the open sites of the cyano-bridged jungle gymtype metal organic framework (MOF) and the sodiated molecular formula is written as Na x M[MB(CN) 6 ] y •zH 2 O (0 ¯x ¯2, 0 ¯y ¯1, 0 ¯z).
This review addresses the critical problem of improving sodium-ion battery (SIB) performance at low temperatures by systematically analyzing the optimization of electrode materials, electrolyte compositions, and interfacial stability.
The optimal sample (S-1200) showed great electrochemical performance and kinetics as an SIB anode, delivering a capacity of 334.17 mA h g -1 (at the cycle) and maintaining a capacity retention of 85.0% after 100 cycles at 0.1 A g -1 .
Porosity control during NASICON sintering, which is before the addition of epoxy polymer, can be adjusted by controlling the final sintering temperature, thereby creating a difference in porosity of the ceramic (Supporting Figure S3).
Under the AGC system scheduling, the SIB energy storage system can cooperate with the wind power, photovoltaic and other new energy systems to improve the power system regulation ability and reduce the wind and light abandonment rate.
This is particularly important because such a phase transition can cause volume changes, alter ionic pathways, modify bottleneck size and shape, impact sodium ion mobility, and potentially reduce conductivity and mechanical stability.
To validate the effectiveness of proposed interphase engineering, the electrochemical performances of P2/P3-NaMNO, pure phase P2-NaMNO, and P3-NaMNO electrodes were evaluated in coin-type cells using metallic Na as negative electrode.
The electrochemical reaction for sodium-ion storage with vanadium-based MXenes can be derived from CV analysis (Fig. 9b), where the obvious sodiation and desodiation characteristics are evident from their reduction and oxidation peaks.
As illustrated in Fig. 4e and Table 3, for Cu-doped NASICON, our material (Na 3.36 Zr 1.92 Cu 0.08 Si 2.2 P 0.8 O 12 ) exhibited an enhanced ionic conductivity of 9.62 × 10 -4 S/cm, surpassing the reported value of 3.38 × 10 -4 S/ cm .
Liu Y. et al. 's approach, combining electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) with machine learning (ML) regression models, addresses the pressing challenge of preventing thermal runaway-a major safety concern for both SIB and LIB.
Performance influence of binder modifications has very recently been detailed for alloy-type SIB anodes by Yao et al. in a comprehensive study focusing on the cross-linking effect of glycerin (GLY) on poly(acrylic acid) (PAA) binders .
As intercalation energy is a crucial parameter for measuring the level of difficulty in inserting sodium ions into the materials, we have calculated the intercalation energy of sodium inserting CrN 2 at different sodium concentrations.
Na-ion batteries provide a lens through which to examine some effects not typically seen in the more well-studied Li-ion systems, including, in particular, ordering phenomena and structural phase transitions in the electrode materials.
Additionally, in O3-type structures such as nickel-rich NCM materials, a structural degradation from layered to spinel-type to rock salt structures is reported to be a common aging effect (Schipper et al., 2017;Bianchini et al., 2019).
It was previously reported that the total conductivity of NASICON material is oen governed by the grain boundary conductivity. 43 Therefore, the conductivity of our NASICON samples is signicantly affected by the synthesis conditions.
The requirement for solvents is 1) Low viscosity for Na+ migration, 2) High dielectric constant for dissolving sodium salts, 3) High chemical and electrochemical stability, and 4) High thermal stability and safety in harsh situations .
This study provides scientic insights into tuning the structure and electrochemical balance of sodium-layered oxides to support the systematic design of sodium-ion cathodes with enhanced performance under diverse practical conditions.
In this work, by using a water-mediated method, we successfully expanded the Na + layer spacings of P2-type Na 0.67 MnO 2 , improved the structural stability and Na + mobility, and obtained the electrochemically stable S-NMO electrode.
There are two-dimensional channels in the lattice structure of the layered transition metal oxides for sodium ions diffusion, as shown in Figure 4, which allow sodium ions intercalated/deintercalated extremely rapidly from the cathode.
Hard carbon anodes face the critical challenge of low initial coulombic efficiency (ICE) and capacity fading arising from insufficient control of the closed-pore structure, which must be addressed to advance sodiumion batteries (SIBs).
The hard carbon sample discharged to 0.01 V was collected from the cycled pouch cell, which was scraped from the Cu current collector and washed with dimethyl ether (DME) for drying in a vacuum before SAXS measurements. references 12 .
The surface morphology and structure of the synthesized cathode material (NaCoPO 4 ) were obtained using FESEM with different magnifications, and the average particle size calculated from the SEM image was 50 nm, as shown in Figure 3A.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a potential candidate for large-scale energy storage systems (ESS) because of their advantages of a low production cost and evenly distributed global sodium reserves compared to lithium 2-5 .
Most P2-type materials have low Na stoichiometry, which contributes to electrochemical and ambient stability but poses a problem to significantly reduce the accessible capacity in practical cells without additional active Na + sources.
Furthermore, the inclusion of sodium metal-related studies in low-temperature sodium-ion battery research serves as the most fundamental platform for understanding interfacial phenomena that directly translate to practical SIB systems.
The cell comprises a sodium metal anode, a Na 4 (CB 11 H 12 ) 2 (B 12 H 12 ) SE, and a cathode composite, consisting of Na 3 (VOPO 4 ) 2 F as an active material, the SE, and conductive carbon (Super C65) in a 70 : 20 : 10 weight ratio.
The positive electrode was 90:5:5 (wt%) O3-type NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 (BTR):conductive carbon (TIMCAL, Super P):poly(vinylidene fluoride) (Kureha, KF-1100) in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (Sigma-Aldrich) on a 10 μm Cu current collector.
The discussion above demonstrates that the sodium storage voltages of Ti-containing anodes depend on their crystal structures, especially the local environments of Ti ions, although the redox reaction always involving Ti 4+ and Ti 3+ .
In this context, sodium-ion batterries (SIBs) have attracted a great deal of attention as the most promising alternative to LIBs, due to their meeting the aforementioned requirements and the same "rocking-chair" operational mechanism .
A technique how to apply voltage must be also developed. in addition, it is concluded that Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 can be also applicable as sodium ion-conductor in secondary batteries, due to the sufficiently small activation energy.
Tables 1 and2 respectively summarize the carbonization temperature and electrochemical performances of microspherical hard carbons derived from various precursors as anode materials for SIBs and PIBs reported to date in the literature.
Galvanostatic cycling experiments performed on hard carbon electrodes tested in half-cell versus metallic sodium can be described with two distinct regions: a slope above 0.1 V vs Na + /Na, and a plateau region below 0.1 V vs Na + /Na.
High-concentration electrolytes are compatible with sodium-ion batteries as they form ion-solvent-coordinated structures that promote the reductive decomposition of anions to produce stable and dense solid electrolyte interphase films.
This property of Mn makes it the most favorable transition metal, giving two sodium reactions per single Mn ion, both at high voltage and within ode material offers a theoretical capacity of 106 mAh/g, considering two Na-ion reactions.
The aqueous exible sodium ion storage devices (AFSISD) with a sandwich structure are assembled by combining the PTCDInano-organic anode with an activated carbon cathode and polyvinyl alcohol-Na 2 SO 4 (PVA-Na 2 SO 4 ) gel-electrolyte.
Due to the large surface area, all three hard carbon samples show low initial coulombic efficiencies (Fig. 2b). 34 Nevertheless, the coulombic efficiencies can be improved by adjusting the optimization of the carbonization temperature.
The poor rate performance of hard carbon (HC) in carbonate electrolytes limits its applicability in hybrid capacitors, primarily due to the low working potential and the slow Na + transport kinetics within the potential plateau region.
The average thickness of the CuMgTi-533, CuMgTi-552, and CuMgTi-571 hexagonal-prism particles were measured to be 0.88, 0.90, and 0.91 μm, respectively, around 2.2 times thicker than that of NaMNO 2 (0.41 μm) (Supplementary Fig. 2e-h).
As a response to an exponentially growing demand for batteries on the world market, from 2010-ties, the researchers invest much effort in the development of more sustainable batteries, and the solutions are seen in sodium-ion batteries.
As a medium for the redox reaction of the electrode materials, the redox window, the Na-ion migration and diffusion, and the coupling association between Na+ and anions or solvents are the key factors determining the interfacial traits.
In addition, the cycled sodium metal and the separator (disassembled from the cell with HSPB as the cathode) were also tested, and the Fe 2p signals were found, further confirming the dissolution of transition metal in HSPB (Fig. 5g,h).
To strengthen carbon surface analysis investigations, TPD-MS is a complementary advanced tool to probe the nature and quantify oxygen function groups and active surface area (ASA, more details in Section 3.5.2) in hard carbon materials.
The greatly increased capacity retainability can be attributed to the conductive network formed by CNTs inside the SnSb/CNTs electrode, providing 3D effective and fast electronic pathways during sodium intercalation and deintercalation.
There is still room for optimization regarding the materials design for sodium storage under such unconventional conditions and the cycling stability along with reasons for possible capacity loss needs to be investigated in more detail.
All compositions where multiple phases were observed experimentally (Ca0.5NaVP, Ca0.6NaVP, Ca0.7Na0.8VP, Ca0.7Na0.2VP, Ca0.93Na0.65VP) are indeed calculated to be unstable with respect to decomposition into two or more competing phases.
In this part, we illustrate a variety of hollow micro-/nanostructured cathode materials that have been successfully used for SIBs, including transition-metal oxides, polyanionic compounds, Prussian blue analogues, and organic compounds.
In this work, a new methodology based on the combination of tape-casting and low-temperature hot-pressing is proposed for the development of sintered NASICON electrolytes for all-solid-state sodium batteries working at room temperature.
Nevertheless, it is still challenging to find a suitable host material with a larger space suitable for sodium ion insertion/extraction, which is necessary because the Na ? ion (1.06 A ˚) is ca. 40% larger than the Li ? ion (0.76 A ˚) .
We have reported the electrochemical performance of Titanium hexacyanoferrate (TiHCF) in organic Li-ion and Na-ion half cells, and all of them show two-well separated redox peaks due to the redox of Fe 3+ /Fe 2+ and Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ pairs .
S2 † suggests that the average interspacing is generally smaller among the cathode materials synthesized from different starting precursors. 3.2 Electrochemical performance of NNMO as SIB cathode material 3.2.1 Cycling between 2-4 V vs.
As a result, the ionic conductivity becomes 1.45 × 10 -4 S/cm, the thermal and electrochemical stability of NASICON is maintained, and the physical strength is enhanced by approximately 2 times more than that of the bare NASICON pellet.
Alloying SIB anodes face multiple issues, including high volume expansions, particle aggregation with pulverization, high drop in ICE, low Na + and electronic mobilities, and unfavored kinetics, all leading to low reversible capacities.
The sodium side of a full cell is therein described by a single charge transfer resistance which is connected in series with a planar finite transmissive Warburg element to account for the diffusion of sodium ions through the separator.
Therefore, additional ex situ XRD data were collected during the charging process. patterns of K 0.6 Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 O 2 with P3-and O3-type structures and the presence of 104 or 105 peaks can differentiate between the two layered phases.
Although great efforts have been dedicated to improving electrochemical property of oxides anode material for sodium-ion batteries, the cycling life and rate capability of oxides anode materials are still far from its theoretical value.
Notably, P2/P3-NaMNO electrode demonstrates superior capacity retention of 81.2% after 500 cycles with activated carbon (AC) as negative electrode, outperforming P2-NaMNO (67.1%) and P3-NaMNO (69.2%) (Fig. 3g and Supplementary Fig. 19).
In this context, N2 adsorptive molecules at 77 K are widely used to evaluate the open porosity, namely, the micropores (< 2 nm) and the mesopores (2-50 nm), and to determine the Brunauer-Emmett-Teller (BET) SSA of hard carbon materials.
This work presents an environmentally responsible synthesis route to P2-type Na 2/3 [Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 by direct conversion of metallic Ni powder in the presence of sodium permanganate, a process that only releases O 2 and H 2 O gases.
The crystalline structures and phase purities of the entropy-tuned Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.23 Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 and the non-entropytuned NaMNO 2 were characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD) together with the Rietveld refinement.
P-type structures exhibit rapid Na-ion diffusion enabled by open prismatic diffusion pathways, while O-type materials display sluggish Na-ion kinetics due to the large energy barrier to diffusion through interstitial tetrahedral sites .
Overall, through these systematic investigations optimizing synthesis, crystallographic, and electrochemical parameters, NaFe 1.6 V 0.4 (SO 4 ) 2 PO 4 shows great promise for potential use as a cathode material for sodium-ion batteries.
To electrochemically obtain the potential of P2-Na X Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 at various sodium stoichiometries X, galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) is performed in coin cells with sodium metal serving as counter electrode.
Comparatively, V 1.87 FeS 4 exhibits a much higher specific capacity at the same discharging duration, or a considerably shorter duration for attaining the equivalent specific capacity, justifying a remarkably fast sodium storage trait.
To elucidate the structural evolution during the reversible sodium insertion and extraction, in situ synchrotron diffraction patterns for the initial charge-discharge and subsequent charge were collected in a voltage range of 1.5-4.5 V.
However, it is difficult to determine the theoretical capacities of the other two phases MoO 2 and NC because their crystalline structures are unfavorable for Na-ion storage and their Na-ion storage capacity should mainly be capacitive.
Yan et al. combined the four electrolyte additives VC, succinonitrile (SN), 1,3-propane sultone (PS), and sodium difluoro(oxalate)borate (NaDFOB) to stabilize cycling at 55 °C of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 (NVPF)-Hard carbon full cells 32 .
Compared with traditional lithium-ion batteries, the electrolyte of sodium-ion batteries can maintain high ionic conductivity at low temperatures, because the electrolyte of sodium-ion batteries contains a higher concentration of salt .
Therefore, it is possible to study the mechanism of sodium insertion during discharge by tracking the changes in the shoulder during cycling as the processes of intercalation and pore-lling will yield different SLD contrasts (Fig. 1b).
This trend directly reflects that higher secondary carbonization temperatures accelerate the release of heteroatoms from the hard carbon matrix, as elevated temperatures promote the decomposition of N-and O-containing functional groups.
Here we demonstrate a high-capacity and high-rate sodium-ion anode based on ultrathin layered tin(II) sulfide nanostructures, in which a maximized extrinsic pseudocapacitance contribution is identified and verified by kinetics analysis.
They also modify the solvation structure of sodium ions, improving electrolyte properties such as viscosity, conductivity, and electrochemical stability, thus expanding the voltage window, increasing battery capacity, and enhancing ICE.
Understanding the phase and chemical transformations during the high temperature sodiation process is crucial for optimizing reaction parameters and is essential for the successful commercialization of sodium ion layered oxide cathodes.
Aiming at finding a new SIB anode material, we investigate the electrochemical properties of Na x TiO 2 compounds with unprecedented penta-oxygen-coordinated trigonal bipyramid (TB) structures by using the first-principles calculations.
Thus, any changes in potential of the Na metal due to polarisation result in the lower cut-off voltage (in this case, 0.01 V) being reached prematurely, cutting off the plateau region of the hard carbon and underestimating its capacity.
Therefore, it is the focus of future research to precisely regulate the micro-nano structure of hard carbon and form reasonable hierarchical pores. Current research shows that the unsatisfactory ICE is an inevitable pain point for PIBs.
After sintering, the cylinder was sliced into approximately 1 mm thick discs (~1" diameter) using a Buehler Isomet High Speed Pro Na|NaSICON|Na symmetric cells were assembled inside an argon-filled glovebox (H2O and O2 levels <0.1 ppm).
The positive and negative electrodes were composed of 70 wt.% of NMV-M10 or hard carbon (HC), which was purchased from BTR New Material Group Co., Ltd (Shenzhen, China), 20 wt.% of acetylene black and 10 wt.% of polyvinylidene fluoride.
With respect to electrochemical Na + (de) insertion as positive electrodes (cathodes) for Na-ion batteries, the as-synthesized materials displayed two sloping plateaus upon charge and discharge, centered near 3.5-3.6 V and 4.0-4.1 V vs.
Additionally, the SAED pattern presented in Fig. 1 After building on the obtained structural insights, we aim to evaluate the electrochemical perfor-mance of the material to understand its sodium storage behavior and diffusion kinetics.
Berfore assemblying the full cells, the HC electrode was pre-sodiated by assemblying the half cell with sodium metal, 1.0 M NaPF 6 in PC:EC (1:1, v:v) containing 5% of FEC and GF/D glass fiber were used as the electrolyte and separator.
Tính tương thích của các hệ điện giải với vật liệu hard carbon được khảo sát thông qua tính năng điện hóa bằng phương pháp đo phóng sạc dòng cố định (GCPL), quét thế vòng tuần hoàn (CV), đo độ dẫn và phép đo phổ tổng trở điện hóa (EIS).
These diffusion coefficients are found to be in the order of 10 À8 and 10 À9 cm 2 s À1 (Fig. 2f), which is in good agreement with previous reports on hard carbons. 33 A significant decrease in the diffusion coefficients below 0.1 V (vs.
The Na 1s core level of the hard carbon cycled in ether electrolytes returns to 1072.4 eV, which corresponds to ionic Na in immersed hard carbons as discussed before, indicating that the inserted Na + is fully extracted during charging.
Even after the S-SEI is removed by Ar + etching, C-O and O=C-O still have high contents accounting for 33.7% and 14.4%, respectively, for hard carbon cycled in ester electrolytes, which can be attributed to the composition in the I-SEI.
Thus, the sodium-ion battery of the Na 3 V 1.9 Fe 0.1 (PO 4 ) 3 /CoGe 2 P 0.1 electrochemical system with a nominal capacity of 20 mA h contained one two-sided cathode and two one-sided anodes with overall dimensions of 2.2 × 3.2 cm 2 .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are conceptually similar, and they have attracted enormous attention in recent years because of the higher natural abundance of sodium and more favorable distribution of sodium reserves compared with lithium .
Herein, we report the sulfur-doped hard carbon (SHC) materials from the tannin-furanic resins (TF-Resin) of the derived agricultural by-products, followed by enveloping rGO on its surface through the hexadecyl trimethyl ammonium bromide.
Considering that a main advantage of Na-ion batteries compared with their Li-ion counterparts is their reduced cost, the developed synthesis method might signicantly contribute to the competitiveness of Na-ion energy storage technology.
The as-prepared MoSe 2 /MoO 2 /carbon manifests excellent rate behaviour (a Na-ion storage capacity of 461 mA h g À1 at an extremely high current density of 70 A g À1 ) and outstanding cycle performance (610 mA h g À1 after 1000 cycles).
In conclusion, we have demonstrated experimental and theoretical evidence that the electrochemical reaction kinetics could be significantly boosted by rationally designing heterostructure with abundant "ion reservoir" for sodium storage.
For instance, toxic substances different than the CAM educts might be released as a result of thermal treatment in the recycling stage or of accidental thermal runaway or fire, such as cynaides from the mentioned Prussian blue analogues.
Hence, introducing transition metal suldes, oxides, and 2D MOFs into the MXene matrix improves surface wettability, redox kinetics, active charge sites, electronic conductivity, surface area, coulombic efficiency, and SIB reversibility.
One typical approach is to decrease the size of TiO 2 particles or design novel nanostructures such as nanowires , nanospheres , or nanotubes , which can greatly shorten the sodium ion diffusion distance and promote electronic transport.
Due to the nanostructure design and nitrogen-doping, the N-TiO 2 (B) nanorods used as anode materials for sodium ion battery show a reversible specic capacity up to 224.5 mA h g À1 aer electrochemical activation at low current density.
The improved electrochemical performances of Na 2 TP@GE can be ascribed to its unique nanoarchitecture with multi-channelled monolithic grains benecial for fast intercalation of sodium ions during the prolonged charge-discharge process.
As illustrated in Figure 5E, Wang et al. employed a dual modification approach, encompassing Mg/Ti co-doping and magnesium oxide (MgO) surface coating, to address the shortcomings of P2-type Na 0.67 Ni 0.17 Co 0.17 Mn 0.66 O 2 cathodes .
Overall, due to the inorganic component of SEI layer and more active sites for redox reaction, it is easy to understand the reason why Ti 3 C 2 -N funct delivers better sodium storage performance than that of Ti 3 C 2 as shown in Fig. 3.
However, when the testing current density is increased to 5.0 A g -1 , the sodium ions storage capability of the CNF/G/ MoS 2 composite is severely decreased to 120 mAh g -1 , as confirmed by its rate performance (Supplementary Fig. 26).
The rate capability of P2-Na 2/3 Mn 0.95 Mg 0.05 O is close to the highest rate performance ever reported for a P2-type cathode, namely, P2-Na 2/3 Mn 1/2 Fe 1/4 Co 1/4 O 2 with a 128 mA h g À1 reversible capacity at a 30C discharge rate.
Lithium-ion and sodium-ion batteries (LIBs, SIBs) typically rely on intercalation reactions, where lithium or sodium ions are stored in the layered structures of the electrodes and exchanged between them during charging and discharging .
We closely examined the experimental conditions during char preparation and showed how these parameters can be adjusted to control the final structure of hard carbon as a means of improving the electrochemical performance of SIB systems.
The sample calcined at 600 °C exhibited the best sodium storage performance in terms of capacity, rate capability and cycle stability because of its desirable anatase structure, small TiO 2 particle size and high nitrogen-doping content.
Cobalt disulfides with high theoretical capacity are regarded as appropriate anode materials for sodium ion batteries (SIBs), but their intrinsically low conductivity and large volume expansion lead to a poor electrochemical performance.
The second CV scan did not show any peaks except the one at 0.01 V, indicating that a stable SEI layer was formed and the sodium ion storage behavior of porefilling and the adsorption on the edges and defects sites is predominant 39,40 .
In theory, the maximum achievable specific energy densities of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are, due to the higher mass and larger ionic radius of Na + compared to Li + , expected to be slightly lower than those of Li-ion batteries (LIB).
Titanium and oxygen ions form edgesharing TiO 6 octahedra making a step layerthe step layers are connected with each other by a sharing vertexand sodium ions are placed in the interlayer space with two different coordinations of 7 and 9.
Ex-situ small angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) analysis of the sample discharged below 0.2 V showed a decrease in the intensity of scattering from the pores, indicating that sodium ions inserted into the nanopores within this voltage range.
The synthesis of hard carbon from poplar wood offers promising opportunities for sodium-ion battery energy storage because of its cost-effectiveness, high capacity, excellent cycling stability, and efficient utilization of waste biomass.
Based on the energy capacity (1 kW h of storage capacity), the assessed SIB shows promising results, taking into account that the battery chemistry is on a significantly lower technical development level than commercially available LIBs.
Moreover, its electrode voltage appears to be as low as ∼0.56 V, indicating the increased energy density when used as anode material, and the result on ion migration also supports the applicability of this compound as SIB anode material.
The mille-feuille shaped morphology, uniform particle size distribution and low surface area enable excellent electrochemical performances of PVP based hard carbon, which is expected to be a promising anode material for Na-ion batteries.
The W value decreased from 3.77 × 10⁻ 3 Ω s⁻ 1 / 2 to 1.15 × 10⁻ 3 Ω s⁻ 1 / 2 with increasing Na content, indicating that Na-doping in the structure caused a decrease in Na diffusion due to the increased number of Na-ions in the samples.
The asobtained DAP-assisted pre-oxidation kapok ber (DAP-OKF) was transferred to a tube furnace and pyrolyzed at 1200 °C for 2 h under an argon atmosphere, with a heating rate of 5 °C min -1 , to produce N/P-doped hard carbon materials.
Oxysulphides represent a very promising opportunity as cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries, with the possibility for both transition metal cations and sulphur anions to participate in the redox process to enhance overall capacity.
The structural evolution of Na x Ni 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 (NFM) cathodes extracted from commercial 18650 sodium-ion batteries at various states of charge, fully charged (FC), partially charged (PC), and fully discharged (FD) is explored.
According to the SAXS patterns of hard carbon after treatment, the peaks around 1-2 nm -1 decrease with the increased treatment time, meaning that the formed closed pores obviously decrease after removing the amorphous content (Fig. 3c).
As a control group, the ammonia water was replaced with the same ratio of Na 2 CO 3 , and the precursor solution obtained by stirring at room temperature was spray-dried to prepare spray drying-RF. 2.1.2 Synthesis of hard carbon spheres.
A holistic approach to the sustainability of sodium-ion batteries (NIB) considers the material components, cost/energy for manufacturing, cell life-time, in-use conditions, and economic viability for material recovery at the end of life.
The other electrolyte solutions designed for a significant passivation, such as NaPF 6 in sulfolane or N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone, which showed promise in the hard carbon -Prussian white system, 5 faced rapid capacity fading in a few cycles.
In the operation range of 2.0-3.5 V at a current of 0.5C at 25 • C, the fabricated hard carbon // C-NaCrO 2 full cell using the cellulose-PAN-Al 2 O 3 composite separator delivered capacity retention of 88% for 300 cycles (Figures 6B,C).
In this work, we investigate the phase and microstructure evolution during the synthesis of NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 , a model sodium-ion layered oxide cathode, using a combination of imaging, diffraction, and spectroscopic techniques.
In contrast, when the Ca 2+ content is limited in CaxNaVP to x ≈ 0.5, good electrochemical reversibility is achieved during Ca 2+ cycling where multiple closely-related NaSICON phases are observed after (electro)chemical Ca 2+ insertion.
For the slurry preparation, a cocktail composed by 10 g of calcined NASICON powder, butyl phosphate (BP) as a dispersant, benzyl butyl phthalate (BBP) as a binder and 12 mL of solvent (ethanol and methyl ethyl ketone; 50:50) is prepared.
In addition, the existence of a database of electrode materials for Li-ion batteries can promote the development of electrode materials for Na-ion batteries, since the chemistry of Na-ion batteries is similar to that of Li-ion batteries.
Nevertheless, we are still putting much effort into working towards better full cell performance using commercial hard carbon as anode with an optimised electrolyte system, more suitable loading ratio, etc. to be used in our future work.
Therefore, several researches have been focused on the fabrication of NASICON ceramics through the glassceramic route in which NASICON crystalline phase precipitates in the glass matrix under a carefully scheduled heat treatment program.
The sharp redox peaks below 0.2 V are considered to be the result of reversible sodium insertion into graphene sheets and minor phenomenon of Na-ion adsorption on pore surfaces, and correspond to the plateau region of the discharge curve.
The specific capacity of our N-GHC is higher than most reported literatures, like graphene nanosheets (GNS) 47 , CNT 48 , GNS/CNT 49 , GNS/C 60 49 , potato derived hard carbons 50 and pitch modified hard carbon 51 , as listed in Table S1.
These measurements are intended to complement studies being conducted at Argonne National Laboratory (ANL) to examine the physicochemical mechanisms that lead to electrochemical performance degradation during long-term aging of SIB cells.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) are promising cathode candidates for sodium-ion and potassium-ion batteries; however, the complicate phase transitions occurring during charge/discharge affect intercalation dynamics and long-term stability.
In contrast, hard carbons with high specific surface area (over 600 m 2 g -1 by MgOtemplate techniques) have been found to exhibit well-defined porefilling plateaus and high ICE values (88%) that are not predicted by current theories 13 .
To the best of our knowledge, our purposely engineered SnS nanohoneycomb structure exhibits the highest reversible capacity, rate capability compared with the reported carbon allotrope, metal/alloy and metal oxides/sulfides as SIB anodes.
On the other hand, the Na-ion battery showed a minimal capacity indicating that the V 3+/2+ redox couple is not active for Na + ion insertion due to lack of space for the accommodation of a large Na ion when the channel is occupied by Li.
In this work, we synthesized hard carbon spheres using an environmentally friendly approach (polymerization-precipitation process) in water at room temperature, followed by a pyrolysis step (1500 to 1900 °C), under an atmosphere of argon.
While the three doped NASICON compounds synthesized in this study have been reported in previous literature, our research introduces 17 new doping ratios and successfully synthesizes three of these, all demonstrating enhanced performance.
Compared with the diffusion-controlled process (insertion, conversion and alloying) in conventional Li/Na-ion storage battery materials, capacitive charge storage has the advantage of rendering high charging rate and therefore high power.
Such anode materials undergo massive volume changes of 120-300% upon lithiation (even greater for Na-ions), causing fast capacity fading due the formation of cracks, loss of electrical contact and eventual disintegration of the electrode.
These results are indeed impressive, especially if one considers that the hard carbons generally experience significant capacity decay at such high current densities due to the time-dependent nature of diffusion-controlled sodium storage.
While lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) dominate the market, concerns over lithium's supply constraints and high costs have driven interest in alternatives like sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which benefit from sodium's abundance and lower cost.
We believe this refined mechanism promotes a better understanding of the sodium storage mechanism in hard carbons and provides the basis for the rational design of carbon anode materials with superior performance for sodium-ion batteries.
The key factors responsible for high capacity and long cycle life are the open structure of graphene sheets and the presence of functional oxygen and nitrogen groups where Na+ ions are stored in the R-CQO + Na + + e À 2 R-C-O-Na reaction.
Differential capacity plots were used to evaluate the chemical diffusion coefficients for sodium ions using the Randles-S ˇevc ˇı ´k equation, 14 and the activation barrier for their migration in the crystal structure of Na 2 Fe 2 Se 2 O.
In this work, NASICON powder with the stoichiometric composition Na 3.16 Zr 1.84 Y 0.16 Si 2 PO 12 has been synthesized using Na 2 CO 3 , (NH 4 ) H 2 PO 4 , SiO 2 and fully stabilized zirconia powder (8 mol% YSZ from Tosoh) as precursors.
Clearly, composite NVPF-CNB shows excellent reversibility, mainly due to the stable CNB framework constructed by N and B co-doping in the carbon layer, facilitating the diffusion of sodium ions and providing more space for sodium storage.
Only approximately 2% of globally produced lignin is advantages of lignin-derived hard carbon as a superior anode material for SIBs, providing an eco-friendly and utilized commercially, with the majority being treated as low-value waste .
Nonetheless, the additional removal of two sodium ions and only one remaining in the structure, which is distributed as one-fourth of the sodium occupancy at the Na1 and Na3 sites and fifty percent of the sodium occupancy at the Na4 site.
The maximum sodium storage capacity is observed at 1500 °C, and this suggests that CH-800-1500 achieves an optimal balance between pore architecture, defect concentration, and surface chemistry, offering superior Na + storage performance.
To gain insight into key factors affecting reversible Ca 2+ ingress/egress within a NaSICON framework, a large survey of CaxNayV2(PO4)3 phases was conducted, and these materials were characterized using a variety of analytical techniques.
Remarkably, upon returning the current density to its original 0.1 A g -1 , the reversible capacity rebounded to 160 mA h g -1 , indicating outstanding high-rate performance for sodium storage and potential applications in energy devices.
Elemental mappings by energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy Differentiated by the weight percentages of H3PO4 in PVP, the obtained hard carbons are denoted as HC (0%), HC-P05 (5%), HC-P10 (10%), HC-P15 (15%) and HC-P20 (20%), respectively.
Demonstrated in SIB half-cells, the optimal carbon material delivered a high reversible capacity of 291.6 mA h g -1 at 0.1 A g -1 over 100 cycles and a good rate performance of 91.3 and 61.9 mA h g -1 at 1.0 and 2.0 A g -1 , respectively.
These synchronous effects highly improved the performance as an SIB anode with an awe-inspiring reversible capacity of 144.4 mAh g -1 over 10,000 cycles at 10 A g -1 with extra fast charging (99% charged in 1 min), as shown in Figure 20B.
Research on sodium-ion batteries began in the early 1980's (Delmas et al., 1980), but the successful commercialization of lithium ion batteries in 1990 distracted the attention from research and development of SIB (Ellis and Nazar, 2012).
At a 0.2C rate, the TPEHBZ-ThBS CMP anode stabilized at 225 mAh g À1 with 96% capacity retention for the LIB as shown in Fig. 5(a), whereas for the SIB as shown in Fig. 5(b), the capacity seemed to have faded due to electrode degradation.
Lu et al. recently proposed a cation substitution method that involved the conversion of Mn-based Prussian blue to Fe-substituted Prussian blue, which reduced Mn dissolution and promoted highly reversible potassium-storage properties 24 .
The reaction mechanisms that drive the sodiation properties in hard carbons and subsequent electrochemical performance are strictly linked to the characteristic slope and plateau regions observed in the voltage profile of these materials.
This work shows that electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectroscopy is a powerful and fast diagnostic tool to predict the extent of the charge stored in the slope and plateau regions during galvanostatic tests in hard carbon materials.
By considering the recent advancements, Nb-C/VC composites have the potential to improve SIB performance signicantly and become commercially viable owing to their high specic capacities, extended cycle life, and superior rate capability.
The white phosphorus (P white ) is extremely toxic and reactive, and the production method of black phosphorus (P black ) is costly and poorly scalable, promoting red phosphorus (P red ) into a better position for sodium-ion storage 9,10 .
The much smaller differences among the capacities of the electrodes composed of small Sb 2 S 3 NPs, large Sb 2 S 3 NPs, and bulk Sb 2 S 3 for Na-ion cells than Li-ion cells can be explained by the different properties of Li 2 O and Na 2 O.
Hard carbon usually derives from biomass, industrial residues, or synthetic polymers, and pyrolysis transforms these precursors into a three-dimensional sp 2 -carbon network featuring expanded interlayer spacing and hierarchical porosity .
To further verify the cation-trapping mechanism, studies on the morphological and structural evolutions of NaFeMnF-based positive electrodes (tested in the ASIB coin cell configuration) based on various characterizations were investigated.
Moreover, our study demonstrates the efficacy of the applied methodology for large-scale screening, enabling the exploration of extensive configurational spaces of NaSICONs and other materials for potential use as solid-state electrolytes.
These findings underscore the potential of synergistic effects in integrated cathodes to drive advancements in cathode materials and provide valuable insights to broaden the compositional space for future research on advanced SIB cathodes.
This value was well above the respective 50th cycle both of the AHC850 and, in particular, SHC electrode, demonstrating that Chlorella vulgaris-derived HC can be a candidate for the next-generation HC for high-performance Na-ion batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries are a more sustainable alternative to the existing lithium-ion technology and could alleviate some of the stress on the global lithium market as a result of the growing electric car and portable electronics industries.
We explore this material in two forms, both as a bulk ceramic powder and as a novel ion-conducting ceramic thin lm, capable of serving as an ionconducting barrier to protect NaSICON compositions with more vulnerable chemical compositions.
The composite displayed a high sodium storage capacity of 498 mAh g -1 at a current density of 0.2 A g -1 and 205 mAh g -1 at 0.2 A g -1 over 100 cycles, while a rate capacity was also ensured by the flexible unique morphology [Figure 2C].
The renement result is shown in the ESI, Table S1, † indicating that the as-synthesized Na 3 Co 0.5 Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 material is a typical NASICON-structured compound, and the schematical unit cell is represented in the inset of Fig. 1.
To better understand how the presence of crystal defects affects this sodium storage mechanism, we have performed a combined PDF and DFT study of sodium insertion into anatase TiO2 containing large concentrations of titanium vacancies ().
As large amount of lithium-and sodium-ions can be stored in conversion-based anode materials, considerable volume expansion and shrinkage up to 200-300% occurs during discharge/charge process as evidently observed by in situ TEM analysis .
The properties of HC electrodes are determined by their electronic conductivity and their ability to intercalate sodium ions. 49 Increasing the temperature of carbonization can enhance the electronic conductivity of the electrode material.
Here, the initial charge capacity achieved to be 709 mAhg -1 and loss in discharge capacity is up to ~ 18.63% even at high rate 5C which is a significant step to understand intercalation and de-intercalation mechanism of Na-ion batteries .
The textural properties of hard carbon materials, including the pore volume, pore size distribution and architecture, and specific surface area (SSA), are of high importance for improving the performance of electrochemical storage systems.
This work emphasizes that the rational design of MEOs with novel structures and different electrochemically active elements may be the strategy for exploring high-performance SIB cathode materials in next-generation energy storage devices.
The electrochemical performance of the solid-state NASICON electrolytes (Na + insertion/extraction) is evaluated using C/FePO 4 as cathode and Na as anode into a CR2032 coin cell assembled in argon atmosphere (O 2 ≤ 1 ppm; H 2 O ≤ 10 ppm).
It is noteworthy that the potential difference between the two plateaus does not arise from the behavior of redox couple; instead, it is primarily attributed to the variation in the chemical potential of sodium ions at different Na sites .
The in situ analysis clearly confirmed that during the charging/ discharging, the sodium intercalation/deintercalation in NaFe 1.6 V 0.4 (PO 4 )(SO 4 ) 2 occurred through a reversible single-phase reaction rather than a two-phase reaction.
Prussian blue analogs, layered transition metal oxides, and polyanionic materials all have drawbacks, but the primary ones are related to lattice water/vacancies, irreversible phase transitions, and limited special capacity, in that order.
The Chinese HiNa has already achieved small scale manufacture of 18,650 cylindrical cells based on Cu-based O3-type material as cathode, with a gravimetric energy density of 135 Wh kg -1 and excellent high and low temperature performance .
The lower thermal stability of the solid-electrolyte interphase (SEI) on hard carbon anodes, which decompose at approximately 100-130 °C, poses a significant risk due to its potential to trigger early self-heating and exothermic reactions.
In order to examine the relationship between the high R-value features and the phase evolution, in situ XRD was utilized to monitor the structural evolution of Na0.55 and Na1 upon Na + de-intercalation/ intercalation between 2.0 and 4.2 V.
The diffusion characteristics of sodium ions in materials were measured via the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT). 45 Fig. 4b shows the GITT curves of samples BHC and BHC-Zn-41 during the charge and discharge processes.
Na + diffusion in the Na0.55 shows much smaller octahedron-gap tetrahedron-octahedron amplitudes due to the extremely extended NaO 2 slabs, which appears to be similar with the fast P-phase prismatic channel (Supplementary Figs. 18 and19).
To provide clarity about the many factors that influence the conductivity in NASICON-type conductors, with a specific focus on the effects of composition on ion transport, we designed a study around the Li 1+X Al X Ge 2-X (PO 4 ) 3 system.
Furthermore, it has been proposed that the formation of quasi-metallic sodium acts as a buffer against sodium plating. 37 Therefore, aer the formation cycles, a set of hard carbon cells was cycled between 2.5 V and -0.04 V at 10 mA g -1 .
These unusually high voltages are believed to be a consequence of Coulombic repulsions with the Sb5+ ions in the honeycomb lattice, and allow this system to deliver a very high energy density relative to alternative Na-ion battery systems.
Since the production of hard carbons has great environmental impact (Peters et al. 2016), the sustainability of the SIB technology calls for a careful selection of the electrode materials and their preparation methods (Peters et al. 2016).
Based on these mechanisms, tremendous efforts, including optimizing calcination temperature, expanding interlayer lattice distance, increasing specific surface area, have been used to improve the electrochemical performance of hard carbon.
For SIB fabrication, the metallic sodium foil as the counter-electrode, 1 M NaPF 6 in ethylene carbonate (EC)-diethyl carbonate (DEC)-fluoroethylene carbonate (FEC) (1:1:0.03 in volume) as the electrolyte, and glass fibre as the separator.
S10 †), 51 which reveal a sub-microporous nature of disordered carbon, in good agreement with other hard carbons, however, born at much higher temperatures. 52,53 Here, the volume of micropores is generally reduced by the CN coating layer.
Supplementary Fig. 12 shows a 71.28 mAh singlecoated lab-scale Na-ion pouch cell comprising a pre-sodiated hard carbon-based anode and the pouch cell with B-doped cathode material could power light-emitting diode lamps as proof of concept.
The transition metal sulfides (TMS) were used in the sodium ion batteries but it has faced own drawbacks such as intrinsic poor electrical conductivity, low electron transfer rate and drastic volume change during sodiation and desodiation.
WHH-derived hard carbons were synthesized via mild chemical-activation: 1 g of K 2 CO 3 was dissolved into 60 mL of distilled water to create a homogeneous solution, which was then hydrothermally treated with 5 g of WHH at 180 °C for 12 h.
For the pouch-type Na-ion full cells, a prepared cathode (3 × 5 cm 2 , mass loading: 12 mg cm -2 ) was paired with an HC anode, with the negative electrode capacity set to approximately 1.1 times that of the positive electrode (N/P = 1.1).
Solid-state sodium-ion batteries exhibit enormous potential in addressing the safety issues and performance challenges inherent in traditional liquid batteries, making them a key research direction for next-generation sodium-ion batteries.
PI anode material explored by Chen et al. for Mg-aqueous ion battery using Prussian blue cathode and Mg 2+ containing electrolyte solution showed excellent cycling performance, delivering an energy density of 40 Wh/kg. (Chen et al., 2017).
Our model utilizes a very simple model for the energetic sites within the microstructure of disordered carbon materials and aims for a unifying picture of the Na storage mechanism in carbon materials ranging from soft carbon to hard carbon.
The theoretical gravimetric capacity of 159 mAh/g (assuming 4 sodium ions are reversibly inserted) is similar to that delivered by some sodium titanates and titanium phosphates that have also been proposed as anodes for Na-ion batteries 7 .
Na and is reported to have a specic surface area of 4 m 2 g -1 . 25 The morphological characteristics of this hard carbon as reported by the supplier were corroborated with SAXS, which was also used to determine the average pore size (Fig.
The primary challenges faced during electrochemical cycling, including structural distortion, Na + /vacancy ordering, and high sodium ion mobility barriers, are directly related to the decrease in poor rate performance and cyclic stability.
P2-Na2/3Ni1/3Mn2/3O2 might be vulnerable to the atmosphere environment after the element substitution. 29,47,48 The moisture stability of layered oxides is related to the surface adsorption energy of the H2O molecule (denoted as ΔEads) 48 .
S5. 29,34,36,52,53, Uncoated and Sn-coated NaSICON pellets were prepared and tested under unidirectional constant current in molten Na symmetric cells to study the effect of the Sn coating on interfacial resistance and dendrite suppression.
We believe that the current model will serve as a basis for designing electrode materials with superior performance by fine-tuning the porous structure of hard carbons and correlating it to the relevant electrochemical energy storage steps.
In this work, we extend our previous phenomenological model and develop an efficient mean field theory for the calculation of the OCV of carbon materials ranging from soft carbon materials to closed pore and open pore hard carbon materials.
They generate hierarchical micro-spherical carbons for application in the field of batteries and supercapacitors. Fig. 14 Here, we focus on synthesizing micro-spherical hard carbon from plastic waste as a precursor for battery applications.
However, Na 2 CO 3 is prone to irreversible formation on the surface due to the loss of sodium ions from the lattice, leading to detrimental effects when the stoichiometric Na-containing O3 phase transitions to a nonstoichiometric P2 phase.
In addition, the difference in ICE becomes larger as solvent chain length increases, suggesting the carboxylate molecules become much more reactive as they are longer. 11 Their compatibility with hard carbon was further assessed by CV (Fig.
After that, the discs were punched out and equipped half-cells with sodium metal, then pre-sodiated for 3 cycles within 0.01-2 V and stopped at 0.2 V in charge state to form the SEI film and inhibit irreversibility during sodiation process.
The pellets from the SnNaSICONSn-500 and SnNaSICONSn-1000 cells were fractured in the same equibiaxial flexure test as the previous uncoated NaSICON and SnNaSICONSn and the loaddisplacement curves from these tests can be found in Figure S9.
This modest structural damage during Na-ion extraction is remarkably different from the analogous LIB in which the Li-ion extraction rather than the insertion process evokes severe structural degradation and the formation of many pores 17 .
The excellent electrochemical performance is a result of the flexible configuration of the nanoplate structure in two dimensions, which guarantees remarkable structural stability and promotes the swift transfer of sodium ions and electrons.
Here, we present unique Ni(II) sites in Prussian blue analogue (NiFe-sc-PBA) that serve as stable, efficient and selective active sites for ethylene glycol (EG) electrooxidation to formic acid, particularly at amperelevel current densities.
Recently, sodium ion batteries (SIBs) are extensively investigated due to their advantages of resources availability and cost. The thermal safety of SIB can be a critical issue for practical use because the chemistry is very similar to LIB.
The collected X-ray diraction (XRD) patterns for Na 0.67 Fe 1-y Mn y O 2 (y = 0.5 and 0.8) powders, which are presented in our previous work , indicate that both synthesized materials crystallize in hexagonal P 6 3 /mmc (P2-type) structure.
Upon charging, the peaks move to higher angles and the , ( 401),, and ( 410) peaks move to lower angles than their original positions at the end of charging because of excess sodium ion insertion rather than extraction in the initial cycle.
The synergetic effect of the porous structure of the composite nanofibers and the highly electrically conductive rGO-C matrix improved the electrochemical properties of the NiSe 2 -rGO-C composite nanofibers for Na-ion storage applications.
The NASICON and langbeinite structures probably find an optimum combination of sizes and degrees of distortion of the corresponding atomic polyhedra in order to react weakly to changes in composition during the formation of solid solutions.
As shown above, they represent the sum of the enthalpies of mixing and enthalpies of the langbeinite-NASICON and NASICON-langbeinite phase transitions, and their high positive values are most likely associated with the values of the latter.
The main group elements of IV and V (P, Si, Bi, Sn, Sb, Ge, etc.) can form binary alloys to store sodium by alloying with Na + , providing high sodium storage capacity, which can serve as an anode for the development of high-capacity SIBs .
Z w refers to the Warburg impedance, associated with the Na-ions diffusion in the bulk electrode. 51,52 During cycling, the values of R e for the two samples do not show any signicant change, conrming the stability of internal resistance.
These agree with the trend in the cycle life tests in which after 50 cycles (FVO-CMC/SBR), it was able to retain 100 mAh•g -1 with a very high stability suggesting that FeV 2 O 4 could be viable conversion anode material for Na-ion battery.
Further studies are required to clearly understand the storage phenomenon. 13 In summary, graphene mediated improvement in sodium storage capacities and cycling stability of anatase TiO 2 is convincingly demonstrated in diglyme electrolyte.
For Na-ion LTMOs to emerge as a commercially viable chemistry, significant studies must be performed on developing synthesis techniques that produce ideal particle morphologies with a method that can be translated to large-scale production.
When tested against sodium in a potential window of 3.0-4.4 V, two sodium ions can be reversibly accessed during charging/discharging, two equal-value plateaus centered at ∼3.7 and ∼4.2 V are visible in the GCD profile shown in Fig. 12(d) .
For fullcell sodium ion battery devices, the emphasis always falls on the cathode parts, since they possess key parameters such as high enough operation voltages, large theoretical capacity, and most of all, acceptable high-rate capability.
Hard carbon (2D) structures (e.g., nanosheets, films, nanoflakes, and nanowalls) attract much interest owing to their advantages, e.g., a large surface-to-volume ratio, enhanced electronic transfer, and high ionic diffusion efficiency 155 .
To gain further insight, we conducted 23 Na operando NMR measurements on hard carbon subjected to two extremely different carbonization temperatures, 900 °C and 1600 °C, designated as CC@900 °C and CC@1600 °C, respectively, as shown in Fig.
In situ X-ray Diffraction (XRD) and the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) reveal a three-step sodium storage mechanism: adsorption, intercalation, and pore-filling, with rough pore surfaces accelerating filling kinetics.
The cycling was performed in half-cells with sodium metal anode and 1 M solution of NaClO 4 (98%, Sigma) in ethylene carbonate (anhydrous, 99%, Sigma) and propylene carbonate (anhydrous, 99.7%, Sigma) in a 1 : 1 volume ratio as electrolyte.
The less steep slope at low frequencies for the P-CoSe 2 @PDA-C NR microspheres indicated higher Na-ion diffusivity in the structure than the P-CoSe 2 @NGC NR and bare CoSe 2 hollow microspheres, thus confirming the electrochemical results.
Na + /Na). Their low cost, high tap density and relatively higher operating voltage that may prevent metallic sodium plating, makes them safer and denser alternatives to hard carbon electrodes, which are widely used in sodium-ion batteries.
The deterioration of the surface of the O3-type positive electrode occurs with the formation of spinel and rock salt phases at the surface from collapse of layered structure due to the migration of transition metal ion toward Na-ion layer .
The Li K-edge mapping result shows that Li ions occupied the Na-ion layer at the surface of the O3-positive electrode, implying that the incorporation of Li salt in the electrolyte led to the lithiation of the O3-positive electrode surface.
Layered transition metal oxides (Na x TMO 2 ) possess attractive features such as large specific capacity, high ionic conductivity, and a scalable synthesis process, making them a promising cathode candidate for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
Similar values are reported also for the aqueous SIB alternative. 59,60 Current LIB reach efficiencies of up to 95% (LiNMC) and 97% (LiFP), 19 and it can be expected that SIB will reach similar levels with increasing technological maturity.
To realize practical sodium-ion batteries, layered transition metal oxides (Na x TMO 2 ) have attracted significant attention as cathode materials due to their high theoretical specific capacity and advantages in large-scale manufacturing .
Nevertheless, recent studies have demonstrated that composite structural LTMO cathode materials can effectively stabilize the phase transition of the material, enhance structural stability and markedly improve sodium-ion diffusion kinetics.
In summary, highly ordered monoclinic Na-birnessites with different Na and crystal water contents are prepared by a hydrothermal method to investigate their electrochemical properties as positive electrodes for aqueous sodium-ion batteries.
Amorphous-crystalline defect-bearing hetero-conjunctions formed between the amorphous SeP and crystalline graphene conductive framework have been proposed to facilitate the SIB performance of SeP@HCG (high conductive crystalline graphene) .
Tailoring molecular structures of organic electrode materials (OEMs) can enhance their performance in Na-ion batteries, however, the substitution rules and the consequent effect on the specific capacity and working potential remain elusive.
The slight capacity increase aerwards can be attributed to an activation process with electrolyte permeation. 41 Aer 20 cycles, the biphasic material delivers higher capacity than the P2-type material due to its superior cycling stability.
However, their deployment hinges on the development of new anode materials, since it has been shown that many important anode materials employed in lithium ion batteries, such as graphite and silicon, are inadequate for sodium-ion batteries.
We also tested the P2-NaMNNb-based positive electrode in combination with a pre-sodiated hard carbonbased negative electrode in coin cell configuration using the 1 M NaPF 6 in diglyme electrolyte solution (Fig. 7a and Supplementary Fig. 31).
However, the two-step profile may be advantageous in terms of cleanliness and morphological homogeneity of the hard carbon, as well as for the possibility of recovering a high amount of bio-oil products with a potential use as energy source.
During this process, zero-valent sodium as atoms and clusters can be formed. 11 This step occurs close to 0 V and is characterised by only a weak change in potential, making this step of sodium storage most suitable for battery applications.
Furthermore, it is possible that the capacity contribution at very low working potentials can also arise from the parasitic reaction of Na-ion adsorption into the conductive carbon (10% in weight) that was used for electrode fabrication 37 .
The HT samples with higher CPVs basically showed larger irreversible capacities, again only in the case of LIB tests (Figure 4a,b), while such a trend speculatively remains for SIB tests on the RF carbons, although only based on two samples.
In addition, the N-doped carbon composite materials are considered to enhance the electrical conductivity and accelerate the reaction speed of the SnO 2 composites, and increase defect sites for the efficient storage of lithium/sodium ions .
A variety of materials can serve as positive electrodes for sodium-ion batteries because of their specific structures, while the primary four categories-layered transition metal oxides, polyanionic compounds, and Prussian blue analogs-apply.
While Rietveld analysis shows that Ca1.5VP and CaNaVP adopt a monoclinic C2/c structure, the monoclinic distortion is so small that all energies in this phase diagram are calculated based on the rhombohedral NaSICON structure for simplicity.
Meanwhile, the Na-doped NMFTO-04 shows a clear modification of the structure (Fig. 6b): the reflections are consistent with the P'2-and O3-type layered oxides 29 , indicating the formation of biphasic P'2/O3-type Nadoped NMFTO layered oxide.
Moreover, the sintering temperature, along with the precise stoichiometry of transition metals and sodium ions, as well as the strategic doping of other ions, profoundly impacts the formation of the ultimate structure of composite materials.
The combined effect of point defects, twin structures, and the optimal number of TBs greatly improves the sodium storage performance of ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 @C with a capacity of 307 mAh g -1 after 1000 cycles at the current density of 5 A g -1 .
Na0.67Ni0.23Mg0.1Mn0.65Sn0.02O2 representative cathode exhibits high reversible capacities of 123 mAh g -1 (10 mA g -1 ), 110 mAh g -1 (200 mA g -1 ), 100 mAh g -1 (500 mA g -1 ) and high-capacity retention of 80% (500 mA g -1 , 500 cycles).
The large spacing between the planes of WS 2 /NC can not only provide a fast path in the process of Na + diffusion but also offer abundant space to store sodium ion, which permits the supply of a higher reversible capacity for the batteries.
The τ 5 peak in Na0.55 also shows altered bulk phase transport due to phase structure changes, it has little effect on the overall peak, due to its high R-value feature that imparts fast bulk Na + transport to the pristine O-phase structure.
The XRD patterns of as-prepared hard carbon samples only show two broad diffraction peaks (( 002) and crystal planes) similar to that of H-1500 without pretreatment, which is attributed to their typical disordered carbon structure (Fig. 3b).
The top-contracted O-O distance in Na0.55 (2.931 vs. 2.967 in Na1) and the reduced bottom tensor angle due to extreme stretching along the C-axis direction further narrow down the cation migration path from 3a-8a and increase its difficulty.
During the first anodic scan, peaks at 0.10, 1.84, and 1.95 V suggest desodiation from carbon, formation of Na x CoSe 2 intermediate from metallic-Co and Na 2 Se, and CoSe 2 and Na-ion formation from Na x CoSe 2 intermediates, respectively .
In all the hard carbons, there would be a distribution of pore sizes, with some domains enclosed between three or more graphene layers, whose shape would be expected to tend to a cylinder as the number of enclosing graphene layers increases.
Sodium-ion chemistry, known for its sustainable and economically viable storage solution providing strategy is gaining paramount importance especially when supported with eco-benign and abundantly available metal(s) based electrode assembly.
During the sodium intercalation into the material structure, the cubic cell in both materials undergoes quantitatively similar volume changes ΔV (32.1 and 28.8 Å 3 for the non-milled and 3h-milled materials, respectively), which is about 3%.
Lab-made so carbon and commercial hard carbon (Carbotron P(J), Kureha) electrodes consisting of 90% active material, 5% acetylene black (Li-400, Denka), and 5% sodium polyacrylate binder (Kishida Chemical) were prepared in a similar manner.
The remaining share comes to about equal amounts from cathode (16%; of that 10% from the nickel carbonate precursor) and anode production (7%; of that 5% from the hard carbon production, with the main driver again being the sugar precursor).
S6, ESI †) was done using Lorentzian functions for the D and G bands, and a Gaussian function for the G3, as done previously. 53 The nitrogen adsorption/desorption isotherms of hard carbon composites with silicon nitride and oxycarbide (Fig.
The cells contained the above prepared PW electrode as the working electrode, sodium metal cut from sodium pieces (99.8%, Across Organics), rolled, pressed, and punched as the counter electrode (and reference electrode in the T-cell format).
Using an exhaustive experimental approach, Ca and Si co-doped Li-rich NASICON-type LZP was synthesised via solid-state reactions under various two-step heating conditions to yield the highest Li-ion conductivity by optimising the conditions.
Therefore, the energy consumption per kWh cell of selected state-of-the-art LIBs, sodium-ion battery (SIB) cells and next-generation materials are determined by applying a battery cell model, a battery cell production model and an LCA model.
In addition, the structure creates extensive tunnels between the Na1 and Na2 sites in the b direction, and these tunnels are linked through channels in the a direction via Na3 and Na4 sites facilitating the smooth conduction of sodium ions .
Overall, these data for a wide range of salt concentrations in the most common electrolyte solvents should pave the way for further electrochemical studies, not the least owing to the results on ''ultralow'' concentrated SIB electrolytes. 86
The performance of Na-ion batteries is exceeded only by Li, and the high abundance and low cost of Na makes them an attractive alternative, particularly for medium to large-scale stationary energy storage, where weight is not the key issue .
The highest capacities were achieved with hard carbon materials that had low specic surface areas, broad 002 peak in XRD diffractograms, interlayer spacing of about 3.9 Å and optimal I D /I G values around 1.50 (PDC-450-1400 A for example).
Furthermore, the first principle density functional theory (DFT) is used to calculate the Na + -absorption energy and the density of states (DOS) of phosphorous-functionalized hard carbon to understand the underlying Na + storage mechanisms.
Hard carbons obtained using 2, 10 and 200 K min -1 pre-carbonization temperature ramps exhibit distinct differences in plateau capacity values for sodium (226 ± 15.60 mAh g -1 , 206 ± 13.27 mAh g -1 , and 192 ± 9.44 mAh g -1 , respectively).
This anode delivered an ultrahigh and stable capacity of 965 mAh g -1 at 50 mA g -1 over 400 cycles Additionally, it demonstrated an excellent sodiation rate performance of 668 mAh g -1 at 2 A g -1 , surpassing most of the common SIB anodes.
Classical and ab initio molecular dynamics simulations have been performed for a series of electrolytes for Na-ion devices based on sodium bis(fluorosulfonyl)imide (NaFSI) solutions in 1-ethyl-3-methylimidazolium FSI (EMIM-FSI) ionic liquid.
Solid electrolytes Na 5 YSi 4 O 12 belong to the hexagonal crystal system Na 5 MSi 4 O 12 (M=Y, In, FeLu~Sm), and under certain doping conditions, they exhibit high room temperature conductivity, making them suitable for sodium-ion transport.
These ndings provide deeper insight into the nature of the solid-state calcination reaction pathways in a sodium ion layered oxide system, which can be used to inform synthesis parameter tuning and optimization of electrochemical properties.
However, the radius of Na ion is 1.02 Å which is larger than that of Li ion (0.76 Å), the diffusion rate of sodium ions in electrode materials is slow, and it is difficult to embed in electrode materials, and the volume effect is significant.
Studies have shown that the doping of the Li ion in Na-intercalated layer at the O3-type positive electrode improves the structural stability from the pillar formation ; thus, surface stabilization is expected from this surface intercalation.
The O3-type NaFe 0.2 Mn 0.4 Ni 0.4 O 2 showed smoother the charge/discharge profiles compared with NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 and remarkably improved cycle stability with a capacity retention of 96.4% after 30 cycles in a voltage range of 2.0-4.0 V.
We suspect metal may penetrate these electrolytes even at lower current densities, but the effects are not prevalent until sufficient charge per unit area has passed -such as in the NaSICON-23h cell where the electrolyte passed 2.3 Ah cm -2 .
Figure 4 shows the CV curve of the current collector (titanium mesh) at 0.15 mVs -1 and a broad peak at -0.5 V representing the O 2 evolution at the current collector and the cyclic voltammogram profile of NaCoPO 4 recorded in 2 M Na 2 SO 4 .
Due to the improved sodium-ion diffusion and rapid electron transfer in the pseudocapacitive process, the dominant pseudocapacitive contribution for the SPC-180 electrode at high rates should be responsible for its excellent rate performance.
Non-graphitizing (''hard'') carbons are widely investigated as negative electrode materials due to their high sodium storage capacity close to the potential of Na/Na + , excellent safety, and simple synthesis pathways from abundant resources.
The materials showed high Na-ion storage performance, i.e., a high iCE of 88.7%, a high-reversibility capacity of ~ 450 mA h g -1 after 140 cycles at 0.2 A g -1 and long-term cycling stability of 276 mA h g -1 after 3000 cycles at 10 A g -1 .
Sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) have been proposed as potential candidates in the replacement of LIBs for several applications thanks to the physico-chemical similarities between the two elements and the abundance and ubiquity of sodium on earth.
All binary, ternary, and quaternary layered oxides produced from PBAs with different components, whether by the long period sintering or fast sintering method, exhibit favorable crystalline properties and excellent sodium storage performance.
As a practical demonstration, the designed 18650/33140 cylindrical cells using M-HSPB and hard carbon display enhanced cycling stability (80% capacity/energy retention after 1000 cycles) and wide temperature working ability (-40 o C-100 o C).
In the field of SIB liquid electrolytes, a crucial consideration is the interfacial aspects of the electrode process, which can be employed to enhance the safety and compatibility of these electrolytes with electrode materials and excipients.
For the charging process, the R SEI increases sharply when transitioning from the pore filling to the insertion/adsorption region (Supplementary Fig. 16), which may result in the Na + being trapped inside the hard carbon after fully charging.
Nevertheless, for a constant temperature of 950 °C, elementary analyses reveal that the chemical composition of hard carbons remains almost constant when increasing the pyrolysis pressure from 1 to 7 bar, in agreement with initial assumption.
This single, relatively sharp Na I resonance is in stark contrast to the broad overlapping peaks observed for the Na 2/3 MnO 2 phase, the latter suggesting multiple phases and slower Na-ion motion within the Na layers in the undoped material.
KEYWORDS Anode; Composite; FePS 3 nanosheets; MXene; Sodium-ion battery As is known, developing clean and renewable energy sources, such as solar energy, wind energy, and geothermal energy, can reduce the dependence on fossil energy reserves.
On the basis of this understanding, we achieved four-sodium storage in a Na 2 C 6 0 6 electrode with a reversible capacity of 484 mAh g-1 , an energy density of 726 Wh kg-1 .. ,hoc1er an energy efficiency above 87% and a good cycle retention.
In addition, characterization techniques revealed a large d-spacing (11.53 Å) between the planes, thus allowing for the intercalation of sodium ions. 81 Recently, works regarding orthorhombic V 2 O 5 have started to surface in the literature.
Our interface engineering strategy enables the first demonstration of a 4 V-class hydroborate-based all-solid-state battery combining a sodium metal anode and a cobalt-free Na 3 (VOPO 4 ) 2 F cathode without any artificial protective coating.
This was attributed to the formation of NaPb bimetallic phases upon reaction with Na metal, which facilitated Na wetting and interfacial Na-ion conduction. 52 Li et al. extended this work to PbO nanoparticles decorating a porous carbon layer.
As a result, when applied as an anode, Sb 2 S 3 @xCDs shows a high ICE (85% in lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), 83% in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs)) and an excellent reversible capacity of 660 mAh g -1 in LIBs at a high current rate of 5 A g -1 .
Due to the presence of strong crosslinks formed during HTC, even at 1900°C, the material still shows the characteristics of hard carbon as the temperature was not sufficient to transform the structure to a highly ordered graphitic morphology.
A cake-like, porous TiO 2 derived from MIL-125 prepared by Pan's group exhibited a high SSA of 96 m 2 g -1 and fine particle size of ∼20 nm. 18 This porous structure favours electrolyte permeation and shortens the sodium-ion diffusion length.
Notably, the solid-state diffusion of sodium ions within the bulk electrode, with a relaxation time of ∼50 s, shows a consistent trend with the diffusion coefficients obtained from GITT and Warburgbased evaluations across the state of charge.
Similarly, the Aganchored Nb 2 CT x electrode displayed enhanced capacitive contributions from 28% to 66% (0.1 to 2 mV s -1 ), which will accelerate the connection of sodium ions to the active site and improve the reaction kinetics (Fig. 7c).
This work reports on the synthesis of hard carbon spheres (HCS) and the impact of the pyrolysis temperature (1500 to 1900 °C) on the properties of HC and its relationship with the electrochemical performance in potassium-ion batteries (KIBs).
In addition, the formation of unique solvent sheath structures plays a crucial role in confining water to the primary solvated shell of sodium ions and producing a stable SEI film that inhibits the ongoing consumption of electrolyte solvents.
However, the reversible capacity of the Sn electrode in the SIB system increases and reaches approximately 701.8 mA h g À1 during the subsequent 2 nd cycle, because of the activation of an electrochemical reaction for the electrode materials.
The potential of ZTC materials to store sodium ions was fully explored at very low current densities (9mA•g -1 ): sample 10nm-FAU-ZTC exhibited the highest first discharge capacity (3555mAh•g -1 ) and second discharge capacity (642mAh•g -1 ).
The specific crystal structure obtained during synthesis of sodium layered oxides depends on synthesis temperature, sodium content and transition metal composition (Paulsen and Dahn, 1999;Lei et al., 2014;Zhao et al., 2020;Xiao et al., 2021).
Taking into account the advantages of "wet" methods for the synthesis of substances, such as the possibility of precise technological control, automation and environmental friendliness, the synthesis of NASICON -type in this way is promising.
To avoid interference from the gas adsorbed in hard carbon, these powder samples were dried at 100 °C in a vacuum oven for 6h before the XPS test. ~2 mg hard carbon powder was distributed on the double side tape and fixed on the sample stage.
The lower capacities of PDC-450 and PDC-450-1400 can be explained by differences in their elemental composition, since these hard carbons have very high impurity content (Table S2 †), which cause the graphitization of pre-pyrolysed materials.
The inset in the figure shows that the peak positions are nearly the same, without change in 2θ positions, and clear separation of the (0 10 0) and (3 5 0) peaks for both samples, indicating no observable loss of sodium ions from the lattice.
To improve the cycling stability and dynamic properties of layered oxide cathodes for sodium-ion batteries, surface modified P2-Na 0.67 Co 0.25 Mn 0.75 O 2 with different levels of CeO 2 was successfully synthesized by the solid-state method.
According to the theory, a larger cationic potential indicated stronger TM electron cloud extension and interlayer electrostatic repulsion resulting in the P2-type structure, with more covalent TM-O bonds and an increased d (O-Na-O) distance.
Addressing these challenges during SIB commercialization could position them as a cornerstone of eco-friendly energy storage, balancing performance with recyclability through innovations in material chemistry and scalable recycling frameworks.
However, there is a lack of readily available low energy vacant sites within the sodium ion pathways of these mixed phosphates that may explain the relatively high fraction of the theoretical capacity that cannot be realised even at low rates.
To evaluate the electrochemical performance of the solid-state NASICON electrolyte, a coin cell (CR2032) Na/ NASICON/ FePO 4 is assembled in argon atmosphere by applying a controlled pressure (800 psi) according to the scheme presented in Fig.
Coin cells for Na-ion batteries (NIBs) were assembled using sodium metal as the counter electrode, 1.0 M and 1.2 M NaClO4 in ethylene carbonate/diethyl carbonate (EC/DEC) (1:1 by volume) electrolyte, and glass fiber (Whatman) as the separator.
The titanium sites in the normal spinel structure are fully occupied, and many of titanium sites are periodically partially occupied in our spinel-like titanium oxide layers, and thus act as Na-ion channels during the charge-discharge process.
S1, ESI †) was assessed by comparison to the standard electrolyte (Std, 1 M NaPF 6 in EC:DEC) with and without FEC additive, and the behaviour in the full cell system with a P2-O3 type cathode and hard carbon anode (Na a MO 2 /C) is discussed.
Inspired by previous works of pursuing GY and GDY as the excellent anode material for lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), a question hanging on our heads that whether it is possible to applying GY and GDY to the elds of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
The GCD profile shown in Fig. 11(g) features the cycling at a charging/discharging rate of 0.5 C/1 C, a charging capacity of 98 mAh/g was reached, which shows that the cathode material is reaching the capacity contributions from 2 sodium ions.
Unfortunately, the larger ionic radius of Na ions (see Fig. 1) offsets this benefit because the extensive atomic rearrangements that currently accompany Na-ion diffusion cause rapid electrode degradation, thereby limiting the cycling lifetime.
Importantly, in situ XRD and PDF found good structural stabilities in (Ni)MnO2 during the charging and discharging process, both in long-range order and local structure, explaining its superior capacity and rate performance for Na-ion storage.
For instance, promising sodium anodes such as NiP 3 60 , disodium terephthalate (Na 2 C 8 H 4 O 4 ) 61,62 , and some oligomeric-Schiff bases 63,64 present operating voltages of 0.3-0.8 V, 0.4-0.6 V, and 0.6-1.2 V versus Na/Na + , respectively.
Although the intercalation mechanism of hard carbons is still controversial, there is no doubt that the storage of K + involves solid-phase diffusion and causes drastic volume change in hard carbon materials during the electrochemical process.
S18 †), already observed in GITT experiments of highcapacity hard carbons. 65 This phenomenon was previously reported and attributed to the presence of some electrochemical reactions 66 (e.g., Na 0 to Na + ), being special for only LSC/ThinCN.
To examine the effect of the conductivity on the anionic redox reaction of CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 at high voltage, in situ electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) experiments were conducted using Na metal as a counter/reference electrode.
The spontaneous sodiation reaction enables a fast reduction of one-half V ions from V 3+ to V 2+ , followed by the insertion of one Na + ion into the NASICON framework, which only takes 90 s to obtain the phase-pure Na 4 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 product.
Here, DFT based FFMD simulations of Na 1+x+y Sc y Zr 2-y Si x P 3-x O 12 (0 # x # 3; 0 # y # 2), an example of a promising NaSICON compound, are performed to comprehensively investigate the Na + transport behavior in multisubstituted NaSICONs.
Although FVO-CMC/SBR only provided a reversible capacity of ~97 mAh•g -1 at 200 mA•g -1 for 200 cycles, this study provided preliminary investigations on the application of FeV 2 O 4 as a conversion based anode material for sodium-ion battery.
Characterization of the nucleation and evolution processes of the highly crystalline Prussian blue microcubes reveals a rhombohedral structure that exhibits high initial Coulombic efficiency, excellent rate performance, and cycling properties.
To characterize the electrochemical performance of the Sb@Ti 3 C 2 T z hybrids as anodes for sodium-ion batteries, cyclic voltammetry proles in the initial ten cycles were investigated at a scan rate of 0.1 mV s À1 between 0.1 V and 2.0 V vs.
MTP-CNT10 and MTP-CNT15 showed the minimum charge transfer resistance and Warburg impedance, indicating that introducing an appropriate amount of carbon nanotubes could enhance the conductivity of sodium ions and their capability of diffusion.
The Na0.67Fe1-yMnyO2 (y = 0.5 and 0.8) samples were investigated using 57 Fe Mössbauer spectroscopy at temperatures ranging from 4.5 to 700 K and superconducting quantum interference device magnetometer at temperatures ranging from 2 to 300 K.
This may be attributed to the abovementioned ion-exchange process in which K + with a larger radius gradually exchanges with Na + during the early cycling stage, leading to more active sites becoming available for the insertion of sodium ions.
In this work, by understanding the adsorption tendency of film-forming additives on hard carbon, the FEC-assisted SEI is excellent not only in regulating the Li plating morphology but also in maintaining self-structural stability over cycling.
In this work, we systematically studied the theoretical capacity and sodium ion diffusion barrier in a new family of layered transition metal compounds, named MX 2 (M = Ti, V, Cr, Mn, and Fe; X = C, N, and O), as the cathode materials of SIBs.
Recently, we reported that P-doped hard carbon exhibits a record-high reversible desodiation capacity of 359 mAh/g at 20 mA/g; though hypothesis of favorable structural sites is raised, the capacity-structure correlation is not solidified 10 .
In this context, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are a vital complement to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) due to their abundant and easily accessible sodium resources, offering a viable pathway toward large-scale, cost-effective energy storage 2,3 .
As shown in Figs. 3h andS19a, b, the curves for charging and discharging of the assembled sodium-ion capacitors are all linear-like with no obvious voltage plateau, indicating that the rapid interfacial reactions in the sodium-ion capacitors .
The crystal structures of the Na0.55, Na0.65, Na0.83, and Na1 samples were analyzed using XRD with Rietveld refinement, as shown in Supplementary Fig. 5, and the corresponding refined lattice parameters are listed in Supplementary Tables 1234.
The designed high-entropy MOFs material delivers a reversible specific capacity of 89 mAh g -1 at an ultra-high current density of 20 A g -1 and exhibits an ideal plateau voltage, reducing the risk of sodium-ion precipitation in metallic form.
Therefore, the life of sodium-ion batteries is still unable to meet the current energy storage needs Whether it is a lithium battery or a sodium battery, electrode materials are the core components that affect and restrict battery performance.
This cathode features an intergrown biphasic heterostructure, consisting of a Na-rich polyanionic compound, Na 3.5 V 1.5 Fe 0.5 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVFP), and a layered oxide, V 2 O 3 (NVFP-VO), which is optimized to enhance Na-ion storage performance.
Từ khoá: hard carbon, chất điện giải, phụ gia, pin sạc Na-ion, ester carbonate Kể từ khi pin sạc Li-ion (LIB) được thương mại hoá lần đầu tiên bởi Sony vào năm 1991, đã có nhiều nghiên cứu tập trung cải thiện các đặc tính của loại pin sạc này.
Models of Na and Li storage in HC, based on the calculated cluster structures were proposed, which elucidate why the adequate heat treatment temperature of HC for high-capacity sodium storage is higher than the temperature for lithium storage.
Anode active material rutile-type TiO 2 was not reacted with amorphous Na superionic conductor (NASICON)-type solid electrolyte Li 1.5 Al 0.5 Ge 1.5 (PO 4 ) 3 (LAGP) even after sintered at 600 °C in a nitrogen atmosphere from the XRD patterns.
FTIR and Raman measurements (exemplary spectra B and C in the Graphic, respectively) allow us to detect differences in crystallinity and surface groups of hard carbon samples with prospects of using Raman in-situ during the Na loading process.
This innovative approach breaks the boundaries between different types of sodium cathode materials and builds a distinctive bridge for the direct conversion of PBAs into layered oxides, thereby widening the feasibility of the cathode for SIBs.
Figure 1: Elevating Energy Density for Sodium-Ion Batteries through Multielectron Reactions In another study, P2-type Na0.55[Ni0.1Fe0.1Mn0.8]O2 was proposed as an effective intercalation host for high energy density sodium-ion batteries (SIB).
No other distinct new phase is generated during the first cycle, suggesting that this structure is flexible enough to accommodate the structural changes accompanying the extraction and insertion of the large sodium ions in a low potential area.
In contrast, the high capacity of CH-800-1500 arises from the synergistic effects of balanced graphitization and substantial closed nanopore volume, which collectively maximize the utilization efficiency of closed nanopores for sodium storage .
Through the investigation and study of the currently available electrolyte materials, analyze the currently available sodium ion electrolyte (SIE) materials, and summarize the relevant research progress, including liquid and solid electrolytes.
The carbonization of precursors with strongly cross-linked structures results in locally stacked, highly turbostratic layered hard carbons. 59 Several characterization tools are used for the morphological and structural analysis of hard carbon.
The sulferization and the carbonization of the MOFs are being done in order to improve the charging rate of the sodium ion batteries .The safety of the sodium ion batteries is an important because varieties of organic electrodes are being used.
Herein, the total surface area and the active surface area were determined by O 2 physisorption and chemisorption, respectively, and correlated with the irreversible capacity loss during the first charge/discharge cycle of the Na-ion half-cell.
This work is focused on the study of the sodiation mechanism of non-graphitizing carbons (NGC) prepared in a wide range of pyrolysis temperatures (1000 °C to 2500 °C), thus covering the whole range from hard carbons (HC) to glassy carbons (GC).
The earth-abundant properties of sodium make sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) ideal supplements for LIBs, especially with great prospects for application in largescale energy storage systems. The working principle of SIBs is similar to that of LIBs.
When the temperature below the freezing threshold(0°C), the discharge capacity, which will be busted in a large efforts and augmented with the amplified intensity of sodium-ion concentration, at the threshold of 25 mol% Na [FSA] to the maximum.
In this work, we performed a comprehensive study of Prussian blue and its analogues (PBAs), one of the most promising cathode materials for aqueous sodium-ion batteries for large-scale energy-storage systems, using firstprinciples calculations.
The diffraction peaks at 2θ = 20. 337, 22.574, 23.258, 29.216, 30.440, 31.689, 32.321, and 35.419 correspond to the lattice planes , ( 311), ( 222), ( 411), ( 420), ( 421), , and , respectively, and were indexed to the orthorhombic β-NaCoPO 4 .
Such bonding characteristics are beneficial for accommodating high ion capacities while preserving structural and electronic stability, further supporting the suitability of VS 2 /graphene as a robust anode material for Li-and Na-ion batteries.
Previous studies of Fe-substitution into Ni-and/or Mn-based sodium layered oxide materials have shown that the formation of the Z phase coincides with the onset of Fe redox activity, 107,120 which is expected to occur at a potential of ≈4 V vs.
In this regard, Sun's group reported a highcapacity O3-type Na[Li 0.05 (Ni 0.25 Fe 0.25 Mn 0.5 ) 0.95 ]O 2 cathode material for Na-ion batteries that delivers excellent capacity of 180 and 96 mAh g -1 at 0.1 and 5 C current rates respectively .
These tests revealed cell capacities in agreement with previous characterisation on the same hard carbon materials at the same cycle rate and potential limits. 14 Rest periods of 20 minutes were inserted between each charge and discharge cycle.
The activation energies for cesium and sodium ion-conductions were 4.14 eV and 0.19 eV, respectively. sodium ion forms ionic bonding during sodium ion-conduction. it was concluded that sodium ion-conduction easily occurs, under applied voltage.
In addition, by analyzing the influence of different morphology of SLE, it was found that PLM@LE had better interface contact, which inhibited the growth of sodium dendrite to a great extent and shown good sodium metal compatibility over 500 h.
This work has demonstrated that reasonable pore design is an effective strategy to improve the electrochemical sodium storage performance of coal-derived hard carbon, providing an effective approach for the high value-added utilization of coal.
Adsorption of Na + ions can take place at the hard carbon surface, defect sites or As both adsorption and filling occur in the pores, it is important to emphasize that the kinetics of both processes are highly dependent on the type of porosity.
Based on the advantages of high entropy and high active facets, a combinatorial strategy of entropy modulation and active-facet modulation was developed to stabilize the structure and optimize ion-migration pathways of P2-type layered cathodes.
To further understand the influence of heteroatom doping on sodium storage processes in hard carbon, we used first principles density functional theory (DFT) calculations to determine the electronic structure of sodium binding at dopants sites.
Specifically, the 1/9 spherical hard carbon/graphite blend ratio shows that, in the areas without spherical hard carbon, the graphite is compressed, forming the seamless contacts as same as the situation observed in the pure graphite electrode.
In particular, distinct Na-ion storage properties (e.g., specific reversible capacity and stability 40, 43, 213 ) can be obtained despite the identical structure of the hard carbon precursors as a result of tuning the defect concentration 214 .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have received great attention because of their potential to provide a cost-effective alternative. 4,5 The current focus is to increase the energy density and lifetime of SIBs to make them fully competitive with LIBs.
The ionic conductivity and activation energy of the as-synthesized NASICONs were investigated, and high ionic conductivity (~10 -4 S cm -1 ) at room temperature ( ~25 °C) was found in Na 3 HfZr(SiO 4 ) 2 (PO 4 ) and Na 3 HfSc(SiO 4 )(PO 4 ) 2 .
This preliminary study, here, paves the way toward the future optimization (a compromise between electrochemical/electrical and mechanical/printability performance) of such LIB/SIB current collector filament for 3D printing application via TME.
Furthermore, the interfacial resistance between the solid electrolyte and hard carbon was reduced by introduction of NaCBH, proving that NaCBH is an effective intermediate layer on the anode side for use in all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries.
Raman analysis is an essential technique for the structural investigation of hard carbons, but the evaluation of defects based on the ID/IG ratio is qualitative only, and in addition, it does not take into account microporosity-induced defects.
Fundamental understanding of low-temperature mechanisms Recent research has established a comprehensive framework for understanding the complex interplay between thermodynamic and kinetic factors that govern SIB performance at low temperatures.
Based on the analysis of the electrochemical results the halfcells completed it has been established that peat can successfully be used as a precursor for obtaining the high capacity hard carbon electrode materials for the sodium-ion batteries.
We evaluated the effect of the sodium-ion concentration on the rate capability of the HC/NaCrO 2 full cells by utilizing three-electrode cells, and discussed its mechanism based on the potential profiles of the positive and negative electrodes.
This is primarily caused by chemical pretreatment and optimized carbonization, which enhanced Na + diffusion in hard carbon, notably in the high-potential region, facilitating rapid and reversible Na + processes crucial for battery performance.
Moreover, the redox behavior may not be fully reversible from Nb 2+ till Nb 4+ , as reported with other transition metals as well within the NASICON framework. 53 Hence, we expect partial entrapment of Na to occur at voltage ranges below 1 V vs.
In this context, a variety of positive electrode materials such as transition metal oxides, polyanion compounds, 14,15 ferrocyanide materials, 16,17 organic compounds, 18 and Prussian blue-type 19,20 materials have been extensively investigated.
Sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) offer advantages in cost and sustainability over current Li-ion batteries (LIBs), while still providing high energy density, which are particularly useful for short distance transportation and stationary storage 1,2 .
To elucidate the reason for the irreversible capacity in all-solidstate cells using hard carbon-Na 3 BS 3 composite electrodes, the cell was disassembled following charge-discharge testing, and crosssectional SEM and EDS analyses were conducted.
The electrochemical evaluation of HMF-HC demonstrates excellent sodium storage capabilities, with a reversible capacity of 376 mA h g À1 at 30 mA g À1 current density and large plateau capacity even at higher rates (ca., 470% of total capacity).
By a combination of a series of structural characterizations, the electrochemical reactions of ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 with sodium ions were confirmed, which also demonstrated the transition of defects in ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 during the charging/discharging.
Therefore, regarding the electrode voltage, it is revealed that TB-I, -III, and -IV phases are favorable to SIB anode application, whereas TB-II phase may have relatively low specific capacity and exhibit serious safety issue of dendrite growth.
The diameter of sodium ions is smaller than that of lithium-ion Stokes, the ionic conductivity of sodium salt electrolytes with the same concentration is higher than that of lithium salt electrolytes, and the fastcharging performance is better .
Now, writing in Journal of the American Chemical Society, Cao, Fang, and colleagues demonstrate anion-cation interaction modulation by cosolvent addition allows flameretardant low-concentration electrolytes to be used in sodium-ion batteries 1 .
Carbonophosphate compounds of Na 3 MPO 4 CO 3 (M = Co/Ni) with a large theoretical capacity of 191 mAh/g were successfully synthesized by the hydrothermal method and their cathode properties were evaluated in Na-ion batteries for the first time.
On the contrary, the cell with the Na 2 CO 3 (aq) hybrid electrolyte showed the significant increase of the ~3.4 V plateau and exhibited a similar voltage curve to the Nasicon SE based Na-air cell operating in the ambient air (Supplementary Fig.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which work on a similar principle to LIBs, have been considered a replacement for LIBs because of their widespread occurrence in the natural world, inexpensive cost, and compatibility with devices already using LIBs.
The higher concentration of the P-O bond in hard carbon may be benecial to the improvement of the capacity and ICE, which is similar to that in LIBs. 17 The morphologies of the HC and PHC-X were investigated by SEM and HR-TEM (Fig. 2 and S3 †).
Therefore, as an outlook from this work, it would be worthwhile to examine possible changes to the average hard carbon pore size during galvanostatic cycling or GITT with techniques such as operando SAXS or small-angle neutron scattering (SANS).
This work provides a feasible and scalable approach for the design of highperformance carbon-based anodes, offering valuable insights into the future development of advanced sodium-ion batteries. 2.1 Materials 2.1.1 Synthesis of PN microspheres.
They are mainly composed of oxygen-based functional groups, such as hydroxyl (-OH), carboxyl (R-COOH) and ether (-R-O-R-), which are inherently formed on all hard carbons due to oxygen present in the parent precursor used or due to air exposure.
Since then a worldwide research effort has enhanced this storage capacity, and advanced numerous processes for synthesizing hard carbon from abundant feed stocks, such as sucrose 10 , peat moss 11 , cotton 12 , wood 13 and even banana skins 14 .
Oxygen physi-and chemisorption were used to determine the hard carbon total specific and active surface areas, respectively, which have been correlated with irreversible capacity loss during the first charge/discharge cycle in Na-ion half-cells.
Notably, rather poor coulombic efficiencies of 92-95% for Na-ion and 96-98% for Liion cells were obtained during subsequent cycles, indicating continuous deterioration and reformation of the SEI caused by pulverization of the electrode material.
Hence, sodium intercalation materials often exhibit pronounced steps in the open circuit potential indicating a tendency toward electronic or structural phase transitions 2 and pronounced lattice distortion upon insertion and extraction of ions.
As shown in Figure 2E, the two broad peaks at 1,360 and 1,600 cm -1 in Raman spectra correspond to the D-band and G-band of hard carbon materials, which represent the lattice defect and graphitization structure in carbon materials, respectively.
The finally obtained P2-type Na 0.62 Ca 0.025 Ni 0.28 Mg 0.05 Mn 0.67 O 2 exhibits a satisfactory initial energy density of 468.2 W h kg À1 and good capacity retention of 83% after 100 cycles at 50 mA g À1 within the voltage range of 2.2-4.35 V.
SIB electrolyte needs to meet the following characteristics: high ion conductivity, wide liquid path (liquid temperature range), good chemical/electrochemical stability, thermal stability, low cost, and environmentally friendly characteristics .
Besides, nitrogen doping can efficiently increase the electronic conductivity of the coated carbon layer on the electrode materials, which would decrease the Ohmic polarization and be beneficial for the fast electrochemically sodium ion-storage.
Therefore, to obtain the lattice parameters and interlayer spacing of Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.23 Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 and NaMNO 2 samples, the synthesized materials were refined by the Rietveld method as displayed in Fig. 2a-d, respectively.
Since the TEA + cation has a very large radius, it cannot intercalate into most electrodes, including the Prussian blue analog (PBA): a colorant with a free-form structure; hence the mixed-cation co-intercalation event is avoided during cycling.
It is suggested that the appropriate CeO 2 modication is a direct and efficient approach to enhance the desodiation and sodiation capacity, the cyclic stability and the kinetic characteristics of the layered oxide cathode for sodium ion battery.
A fully-printed flexible aqueous rechargeable SIB (ARSIB) with superior mechanical properties was assembled using screen printing technology for the first time, with NVPF/C as the cathode material and Na 3 MnTi(PO 4 ) 3 /C as the anode material .
For Li + and Na + -PC and ACN based electrolytes the RDFs obtained from our PM7 computations are able to in detail reveal the solvation structures and these can be linked to several properties of practical importance for LIB and SiB electrolytes.
That hard carbon does not readily transform to graphite indicates that, unlike other amorphous (nongraphitic) carbons, its graphenic sheets possess a topology that cannot be unfolded and flattened -topology that is also beneficial for Na-storage.
The test results for the electrochemical activity of the material without silicon dioxide (sample type NASICON 2) under the same conditions show greatly smaller capacity of 1 mAh g -1 , which confirms the promoting properties of the SiO 2 matrix.
Electrochemical performance characterization revealed that NaFe[O 3 PCH(OH)CO 2 ] demonstrated a reversible specific capacity of 106.1 mAh g -1 , which is 93.4% of the theoretical specific capacity, after full charge and discharge of sodium ions.
These remarkable results can be attributed to the 3D hierarchical structure of the bismuth nanosheets, which provide abundant active sites and a larger interlayer spacing (C-axis spacing) to facilitate the embedding and detachment of sodium ions.
The inadequate capacity of B 125 mA h g À1 was seen for microspherical carbon at the current density of 30 mA g À1 , which was attributed to a lack of sodium ion pore-filling, whereas hard carbon showed better reversible capacity (Fig. 16d ande).
Additionally, Na-ion diffusion coefficients (D Na + ) for three configurations were calculated through the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT), a standard method for assessing ion transport kinetics within composite cathode 54 .
Although as an amorphous carbon, hard carbon possesses a subtle and complex structure composed of domains of layered rumpled sheets that have local order resembling graphene within each layer but complete disorder along the c-axis between layers.
The structural details of the atomic layers in Na0.55 and Na1 were visualized by scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM) equipped with high-angle annular dark-field (HAADF) and annular bright-field (ABF) detectors, as shown in Fig. 1d,e.
For example, the presence of higher Cu 2+ in P2-type Na 0.67 [Cu 0.2 Mn 0.8 ] O 2 results in a distorted P′2 phase with a distortion degree of 10.6%, which could jeopardize the cyclability by inducing a large lattice mismatch between P2 and P′2 .
Given the target of powering numerous indoor always-on devices, generally known as the 'internet of things' (IoT), the battery technology for an integrated device needs to be produced from cheap, sustainable sources, such as sodium ion batteries.
Superior first-cycle Coulomb efficiency (above 80%) is displayed by filter paper-derived micro-nano structure hard carbon, and it delivers a high reversible capacity of 286 mAh g -1 after 100 cycles as the anode for Na-ion battery at 20 mA g -1 .
In this work, we discuss the rate performance assuming that it is limited by ion mobility in the cathode material, which will be the default case in Na or Li-based batteries using metal anodes as well as in most practical Li-and Na-ion batteries.
Sodium vanadium fluorophosphate (NVPF) has shown promising properties as a positive electrode in sodium-ion batteries mainly due to its high operating voltage; however, it has significant electronic and kinetic limitations that must be addressed.
Such biphasic intergrown interfaces facilitate Na+ transportation and storage on the surface or near-surface region of the V 2 O 3 phase, reducing polarization and optimizing electrode material utilization during rapid charge/discharge processes.
Typically, the slope capacity has been associated with the presence of surface groups and defects in HC 15,26 , although recent mechanistic studies on hydrothermal carbons suggested that sodium intercalation also occurred at the slope region 17 .
In this study, we examine the thermal evolution of Na x Ni 1/3 -Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 (NFM) cathodes extracted from commercial sodium-ion cells at distinct electrochemical states: fully charged (FC), partially charged (PC), and fully discharged (FD).
Due to the abundance of sodium in the earth's crust and the similarity of their energy storage systems to Lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have drawn a lot of attention as the next-generation energy storage technology 1 .
This is exemplified by the narrowing gap in Fig. 4 Specific energy (a) and energy density (b) for selected SIB cell chemistries in the prismatic cell, HC-basic scenario depending on the cathode coating thickness, compared to an LFP/graphite cell.
In this work, machine learning regression techniques are applied to a large amount of data from Materials Project Database, to develop machine learning models capable of accurately predicting the densities of sodium-ion battery cathode materials.
Clearly, these TiO 2 nanoparticles loosely contact each other and thus give rise to abundant porous structures, which are expected to serve as reservoirs for sodium ions and channels for electron transportation and electrolyte wetting (Fig. 3b) .
Rechargeable all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries (ss-SIBs), which utilize ubiquitous sodium sources, are a promising low-cost, high-safety alternative to today's lithium-ion batteries, especially for large-scale energy storage applications 1-5 .
However, precise characterization of the narrow micropores present in the HC structure (< 0.7 nm) is not possible by N2 due to its large size (inaccessible into tiny pores) and slow diffusion kinetics in the complex structure of hard carbon 176 .
A highly reversible capacity-delivering SIB anode synthesized by a template-free solvothermal approach with controlled nanosized (10 nm) germanium phosphide (GeP x ) organized into micro-spherical architecture has been presented by Tseng et al. .
Four different hard carbons were synthesized from KOH activated banana stem (KHC), phosphoric acid treated banana stem derived carbons (PHC), corn-cob derived (CHC) and potato starch derived (SHC), and further tested as supercapacitor electrodes.
To further elucidate the sodium-ion storage mechanisms, in situ XRD patterns of NVFP-VO during the initial two charge/discharge cycles within a voltage range of 2.0-4.1 V were recorded to investigate the structural evolution during de/ sodiation.
However, our results showed that Mn 3+ /Mn 4+ ratio may not play an important role in improving storage capacity of (Ni)MnO2 materials, since (Ni)MnO2 with only 6% Mn 3+ showed high capacity for Na-ion storage than MnO2 materials with 19% Mn 3+ .
The electrochemical performance of O3-Na0.55 with exceptionally high R-value demonstrates that the instantaneous rate for lattice parameter variation during the phase transition is a crucial determinant for cycling stability in O3-type materials.
In comparison to metal oxides and metal phosphates, NASICON-type titanium phosphate coating layers such as NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 have the added advantage of being good sodium ion conductors, thus leading to faster sodium diffusion kinetics at the CEI.
As the demand for safer and more sustainable energy storage solutions for renewable energy sources grows, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) emerge as a promising alternative to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) due to their lower cost and resource abundance.
The results showed that the yolk-shell structure has better performance than the core-shell structure because the yolk-shell structure provides a cavity to alleviate volume expansion and the multi-yolk structure provides more sodium storage sites.
In this work, we for the first time demonstrate a facile strategy for preparing Prussian blue analogous@polyaniline core-shell nanocubes (denoted as PBAs@PANI) as multifunctional electrode materials for lithium storage and overall water splitting.
To make the porous Ni layer, an Ni paste composed of Ni particles (40 wt%, <1 μm particle size) and the screen-printing solution (60 wt%) was mixed by using agate mortar, and then printed on the top of porous Nasicon layer of the duplex structure.
Na-ion migration pathway and its energy barrier were predicted using the BVSE method as implemented in the SoftBV software. 52 Na site energies were calculated for a dense grid with a resolution of 0.1 Å using the Morse type interaction potential.
Owing to the unique hetero oxygen-doping and intrinsic fluorine-vacancy double defects, the Mn-O-F nanowires exhibited superior electroactive sites and thus dramatically enhanced Li/Na-ion storage capability than pristine MnF 2 micro/nanocrystals.
With this in mind, symmetric cells were assembled using bare NaSICON and Sn-coated NaSICON to verify that the improved wettability observed in the contact angle testing correlated to lowered interfacial resistance and improved battery performance.
It is also proved that the kinetics improvement is not only attributed to the high kinetics inherited from the instinct of hard carbon, but also the porous electrode structures constructed by the two-size powder system of graphite and hard carbon.
Overall, NaBOB-TEP + 3 wt% PES as a non-flammable and fluorinefree electrolyte is a promising alternative to flammable carbonate-based electrolytes, with potential use in commercial SIB suitable for applications with higher operating temperatures.
This review provides a comprehensive summary of the research progress in composite-phase layered oxides in sodium-ion batteries, discusses the possible mechanisms of composite-phase materials, and provides insights into future research directions.
This mechanism causes constantly changing potential because full reduction of sodium ions does not take place, and the repulsive forces between the electrons localized in the carbon and the positively charged sodium ions are constantly increasing.
The coordination environment and bonding state proved that the quantum size triggered charge delocalization, thus maximizing the concentration of uncoordinated electrons at FeS 2 edge, which could optimize the sodium storage and transport ability.
Finally, a high-voltage aqueous full cell composed of NaMnO 2 •0.1H 2 O electrode and Na x H 2-x Ti 2 O 5 electrode is constructed, achieving a wide ESW of ~3.0 V with a high specific energy of 117.1 Wh kg -1 at a specific power of 117.5 W kg -1 .
The corpus of this study contains 1702 articles on the research of sodium layered cathode materials from 2010 to June 2023 from Elsevier and RSC (the reason for the difference from the above 1747 is that the datasets contain articles before 2010).
By leveraging deep learning techniques, this method autonomously learns and extracts features inherent to compounds, providing a powerful tool for analyzing and understanding the impact of various element dopants on NASICON compounds' properties .
The above results indicate that the charge transfer impedance is the smallest and the ion diffusion is the fastest in sample BHC-Zn-41. 41 Therefore, sodium ions can be quickly transferred under high current, exhibiting excellent rate performance.
Structure analysis of Na2/3Fe1/3Mn2/3O2 and Na2/3Fe1/3Mn0.57Ti0.1O2 were conducted by powder HEXRD and pair distribution function (PDF) at the 11-ID-C beamline (𝜆𝜆 = 0.1173 Å) of the Advanced Photon Source (APS), Argonne National Laboratory (ANL).
The specific energy of the cell (based on the active materials in both electrodes) reaches 150 Wh kg -1 , which is superior to those of versatile SIB systems (Figure 6d). This demonstrates the possible application of P-TiO2 electrodes in practice.
Taking advantage of such a double redox characteristic, this paper presents, for the first time, an investigation of symmetric sodium-ion, potassium-ion and magnesium-ion full cells by using TiHCF as both cathode and anode in aqueous electrolytes.
According to SEM-EDS, the average composition of this product was Ca0.5Na1.0V2(PO4)3; however, synchrotron XRD revealed the presence of multiple NaSICON phases that likely contain different relative fractions of Ca 2+ and Na + cations (Figure S3).
Given the still low maturity of SIB and the corresponding lack of inventory data for SIB packs or modules, we limit the assessment to cell level, disregarding additional components of a future battery like packaging, battery management system etc.
Then, the starting mixture was calcined at 1150 °C for 5 h under air to synthesize Nasicon phase, and the calcined sample was pulverized for 3 h by a planetary ball-mill at 500 rpm with 0.5 mm ZrO 2 balls with ethanol solvent in a ZrO 2 container.
The peak at 162.8 eV BE can be assigned to sodium sulphide 30 and the shoulder at 165.3 eV BE is most likely sodium sulphate which might have formed due to the reduction of FSI in the presence of sodium ions. 31 Upon analysing the Sb spectra (Fig.
X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) of the electrodes before and after cycling is used to elucidate the mechanism of sodium storage, involving formation of amorphous silicon, which then reacts with the electrolyte forming SiO x surface species.
It is notable that a anodic peak appear around 0.5 V for sample HC-P15, possibly corresponding to the formation of Na-P bonds. [9a] X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) was employed to identify the oxidation states of phosphorus in hard carbons.
Ruslan et. al. suggests that using alternative electrolytes, beyond the standard 1M NaPF6 in ethylene carbonate/propylene carbonate, could enhance SEI stability, thereby improving the thermal safety of hard carbon anodes for sodium-ion batteries .
In this paper, a series of fluorinated hard carbon (FHC) materials are prepared by gas phase fluorination using saccharides with different degrees of polymerization as a carbon source, and their structure and electrochemical properties are studied.
It was observed that the SnO 2 @hard carbon anode derived at 1,000 °C could effectively uptake more Na + ions and sustain a capacity of 184 mAh g -1 over 250 cycles than the corresponding anode obtained by mechanically mixing SnO 2 and hard carbon.
To alleviate the large volume changes upon cycling of the Sb anodes, carbon buffer was proposed and various composites, such as Sb/hard carbon, Sb/carbon black, 11 Sb/carbon fibers, 19 Sb/carbon nanotubes, 20 and Sb/graphene, 7, have been reported.
NASICON-based materials have been widely studied for their ability to conduct lithium ions at ambient temperatures, and their stability at high voltages and temperatures makes them particularly promising for applications in energy storage devices .
The predicted Na-ion conductivities at room temperature were 1.3×10 -5 , 2.2×10 -6 , and 1.3×10 -5 S/cm for NCZC, NEZC, and NGZC, respectively, exhibiting ionic conductivities up to four orders of magnitude higher than that in the pristine Na3MCl6.
In G1700 and G1900, the number of defects is very low, and there are even fewer expanded graphitic domains accessible for sodium intercalation as the interlayer spacing narrows; therefore, the capacity in the sloping region decreases significantly.
The changes in physicochemical properties of the vA-NASICONs and the formation of the secondary phase through the Mg introduction were analyzed, and the optimal Mg introduction ratio was confirmed by analyzing the changes in the ionic conductivity.
Sodium metal disks (15 mm in diameter) (Alfa Aesar Merck) were used as reference electrodes, and 1 M NaPF 6 (99%, Alfa Aesar) in the anhydrous organic solution of ethylene carbonate/diethylene carbonate (EC : DEC 1 : 1 w/w%, Gotion) as electrolyte.
Hu et al. has revealed that high-entropy O3-type NaNi 0.12 -Cu 0.12 Mg 0.12 Fe 0.15 Co 0.15 Mn 0.1 Ti 0.1 Sn 0.1 Sb 0.04 O 2 cathode could enable reversible O3-P3 phase transition and cationic redox within a narrower voltage range of 2.0-3.9 V 20 .
As alternatives to LIBs, many attentions have been paid on the new energy storage devices (Shan et al., 2019), especially for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), because of their similar potential closed to Li + and lower cost (Eguia-Barrio et al., 2017).
Consequently, this O3-NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/ 3 O 2 //3 wt% P HC full cell exhibited excellent rate performance, with a reversible discharge capacity of 78 mAh g -1 at 10 C, signicantly outperforming recently reported bamboo powderbased hard carbon.
The sodium storage mechanism of graphene should be envisaged as the adsorption of sodium on the graphene sheets or active sites, i.e. a surface storage mechanism. 41 741.8 Ω) due to the high electronic conductivity of graphene nanosheets (112.7 Ω).
Inspired by the preparation technology of MEOs, P2-type Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 Fe 1/3 O 2 (NaNMF) and Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 Fe 1/3-x Al x O 2 (NaNMFA) (x = 0, 1/12, and 1/6) were prepared using the solid-state method, instead of the doping technology.
NASICON (Na superionic conductor)-type compounds offer fast Na + diffusion and structural robustness, yet still suffer from low specific capacities (o120 mA h g À1 ), poor cycling stability, and large volume changes -even after conventional doping.
This high capacity value is superior to any reported silicon-based material in sodium-ion cells, and it is also remarkable that the improvement in capacity is preserved with cycling (the difference in capacity remains 52 mA h g À1 after 50 cycles).
For the hard carbon sample, the peak intensity in region I was much higher than that in region II, thus revealing that the charge-discharge capacity obtained in the low-voltage region < 0.1 V contributed mostly to the total capacity of hard carbon.
The tting parameters of the different scattering paths used for tting the spectra, including interatomic distances and Debye-Waller factors, are detailed in the ESI section. † Electrochemical sodium insertion/extraction tests were carried out vs.
We summarize the function of ferroelectric t-BTO particles in the potassiation and depotassiation process in Fig. 5. t-BTO with spontaneous electrical polarization could increase the effective electrical field in the vicinity of hard carbon shells.
In this report, nanotube-type Na 2 V 3 O 7 is proposed as a cathode material because of its fast sodium diffusivity, an important requirement for sodium ion batteries, through the investigation of ~4300 candidates via a high-throughput computation.
Li et al. 31 fabricated monodispersed hard carbon spherules with a uniform particle size, which exhibited highly reversible capacity of 290 mA h g À1 (aer 100 cycles at 30 mA g À1 ), corresponding to capacity retention 93% in sodium ion batteries.
In this work, we investigate the effect of different components (crystalline cellulose and amorphous hemicellulose/lignin) in natural wood precursor and carbonization temperature on the formation of closed pore structure in the derived hard carbon.
A broad reduction peak ranging from 1.40 to 0.95 V is observed, which may be related to the intercalation of sodium ions into the SnS 2 and CoS 2 without phase decomposition for the first cycle, due to the nature of the SnS 2 @CoS 2 -rGO composite.
In-situ XRD reveals a single-phase reaction in the discharge-charge process, which is different from the common phase transitions reported in O3-type electrodes; this singlephase mechanism ensures long-term cycling stability and high rate capacity.
HG0, HG1, HG3, HG4 and HG10 are denoted as varied mass ratios of spherical hard carbon and graphite powders (0:10, 1:9, 3:7, 4:6 and 10:0, respectively) in order to investigate the crystal difference of the hybrid powder system, as shown in Fig 1 .
The collected temperature-dependent Mössbauer spectra give clear evidence that they cannot be described using one component attributed to the iron atoms, which occupy only one crystallographic position in the hexagonal P 63/mmc (P2-type) structure.
During the entire galvanostatic titration process, the average diffusion coefficient of Na + is about 5.75×10 -11 cm 2 s -1 , which is significantly higher than most cathode materials for sodium ion batteries recently studied, as show in Table S11.
Thus shortening the sodium ion diffusion path to increase its storage rate, along with constructing a stable and sufficient space to accommodate the sodium ion expansion are the main directions for designing high-performance SIB anode materials 3 .
The small lattice change, high storage capacity, metallic feature, and extremely low ion diffusion barriers make the ReN2 monolayer become superior electrode materials for Na-ion rechargeable batteries with ultrafast charging/discharging processes.
Using rst-principles density functional theory (DFT) calculations, we investigated how the oxygen-functional groups (-O-, -OH, and -COOH) on rGO, which form heterogeneous bilayers with MoS 2 , inuence the electrochemical properties of SIB anodes.
However, there are two serious issues behind Na-ion batteries that affect the application of Na-ion batteries: one is the ionic size that hinders the Na ion diffusion into the crystal structure and the other is the higher potential compared to Li .
In this work, lithium titanium aluminium phosphate (LTAP) and lithium tantalum aluminium phosphate (LTaAP) NASICON ceramics were prepared using conventional solid state reaction method, which requires mono milling procedure and sintering processes.
This indicates the Na-and Liion storage in (Ni)MnO2 might follow very similar charge transport pathways in aqueous solution, while Na-ion transport appeared more favoured in (Ni)MnO2, possibly due to its smaller hydrated radius than that of Li-ion.
The hard carbon anodes from MFC-C and CS-C were prepared by mixing the carbonized samples, carbon black (Sigma-Aldrich), carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC, Sigma-Aldrich) and styrenebutadiene rubber (SBR) with water as solvent in a ratio of 75:10: 5:10.
The HE-K-PBA || hard carbon full cell presents satisfactory rate capacities of 273.4, 236.4, 206.2, 186.5, 171.4, 148.7 and 117.5 mAh g -1 at 0.2, 0.5, 1.0, 1.5, 2.0, 2.5 and 3.0 A g -1 , respectively (Figure 6c) (based on the mass of hard carbon).
The cell volume was 2574.4 Å, with no Na + ion (de) intercalation detected prior to the electrochemical studies, which helps in the easy diffusion of sodium ions during charging and discharging mechanisms (Luong et al., 2020;Tripathi et al., 2013).
Among carbon-based materials, both graphitic and non-graphitic carbons have been investigated, 167,173,174 with hard carbon emerging as a promising candidate due to its relatively high capacity (∼300 mAh g -1 ) and low operating potential (∼0 V vs.
The incorporation of 7.9 wt% of silicon nitride produces an increase in the reversible (desodiation) capacity from 284 mA h g À1 for pure hard carbon to 351 mA h g À1 for the silicon nitridehard carbon composite, at 50 mA g À1 in sodium half-cells.
The as-prepared well-designed P-CoSe 2 @PDA-C NR microspheres were further subjected to the Na-ion storage performance and compared with P-CoSe 2 @NGC NR and bare CoSe 2 hollow microspheres to validate the structural advantages, as shown in Fig. 5.
The obtained hard carbon was ground and mixed with conductive carbon black Super P (Alfa Aesar) and polyvinylidene diuoride (PVDF) in a 75 : 15 : 10 weight ratio in N-methyl-2pyrrolidone (NMP, Sigma-Aldrich, 99.5%) mixture to form electrode slurry.
In this article we elucidate the structure-capacity correlation for hard carbon with a systematic set of experiments that address the challenges above using controlled syntheses combined with detailed structural and electrochemical characterization.
The high-resolution microscopy analysis reveals nanocrystallites of around ∼18 nm, uniformly embedded within the semi-graphitic carbon matrix, which enhances the surface electronic conductivity and effectively shortens the sodium-ion diffusion path.
The sodium diffusion coefficients were in the range from 10 -13 to 10 -10 cm 2 s -1 within the voltage window of 2.7-4.1 V, a performance which is highly comparable to those recognized NASICON-type cathode materials with similar orders of magnitude.
Furthermore, electrode expansion during cycling was investigated by in-situ dilatometry; to the best of our knowledge, this is the first time the technique has been applied to hard carbons for ion storage mechanism investigation in Na-ion batteries.
However, in some cases, it is possible to obtain the P3type phase through utilisation of lower sintering temperatures as shown in Fig. 7. 16 Similar to P2 and O3-type phases, doping may also help to improve the performance of P3-type layered oxides.
The cropped timelapse STEM image series are exhibited in Fig. 2b and Supplementary Movie 1, where the sodiation of four P red segments inside a single CNF started almost spontaneously, indicative of the fast sodium-ion conduction through CNF shells.
A near flat plateau at approximately 4.2 V can be seen for the initial charge curve, similar to that of the P2-type Na 2/3 (Mg 0.28 Mn 0.72 )O 2 . 25,26 When the cell was charged to 4.65 V, the specific charge capacity reached 196 mAh/g (Figure S5).
In the galvanostatic discharge process in the Na-ion electrolyte, the Fe 3+ /Fe 2+ reduction contributed to the 54.8% of the discharge capacity in the first cycle, while the Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ reduction contributed to the 45.0%, as shown in figure 45 (e).
In a recent exploration delving into the intricate interaction of sodium-ion concentration and the temperature alteration involved with the electrochemical functioning of Na∥Na[FSI]-[N-methyl-Npropylpyrrolidinium (C3C1pyrr)] [FSI]∥NaCrO2 half-cells.
By developing a convolutional neural network (CNN) model, we were able to leverage extensive datasets from prior experimental studies to accurately predict the ionic conductivity and electrochemical properties of various ion-doped NASICON compounds.
Improving the structural stability of layered oxides at the charged state In layered oxide materials, when sodium ions occupy sites between the MO 6 layers, their electrons enter the available d orbitals of the transition metals in the host lattice.
The P-type layers have a relatively large interlayer spacing of approximately 5.7 Å, approximately equal to the interlayer ''Z''-phase strongly suggest that the Na-ions remaining in the structure should be predominately located in the P-type layers.
Interestingly, the higher diffusivity for the sodium ion in the undoped system matches the difference in volume between it and the 6% W-doped model, hinting that the presence of W may have a detrimental effect on diffusion for the tetragonal system.
The Rietveld renement of the three samples exhibits a good correlation between the calculated and the experimental XRD patterns with good weighted prole Rfactor, which conrms the formation of the Trigonal NASICON pure phase with R 3c space group.
Polyanionic compounds, particularly sodium superionic conductors (NASICON), possess an unrestricted three-dimensional (3D) framework construction and ultra-excellent sodium-ion conductivity and thus hold promise for achieving high-performance SIBs .
In the present work, hard carbons were prepared from different biomass viz. corn cob, banana stems and starch, and investigated for the possibilities of utilising those synthesized hard carbons for electrochemical supercapacitor electrodes (Fig. 1).
The electrochemical results indicate that the M800 electrode showed excellent performance as an anode material for Na-ion batteries, which could be attributed to the homogeneity, uniform octahedral morphology, and high crystallinity of the material.
The substitution of Cr 3+ by low-valent Ni 2+ to produce NaCr 0.95 Ni 0.05 O 2 influences the ionic character of the TM-oxygen bonds, which, in turn, increases the interlayer spacing of sodium layers to improve the diffusion kinetics of sodium ions.
As well-known, the precursors for preparing hard carbon are mainly petrochemical raw materials, such as a phenolic resin (Liu et al., 1996), high molecular polymers (Piotrowska et al., 2013), asphalt (Larcher et al., 1999;Mochida et al., 2001), etc.
To exemplify the potential for practical feasibility, a coin-type full cell fabricated with presodiated hard carbon and the obtained KNVO was used to estimate the electrochemical performance, as depicted in the schematic in Supplementary Fig. 16a-b.
Our work focuses on bringing together theoretical results and an original experimental set up to assess the electrochemical stability window of the two NASICON-type SEs Li 1.3 Al 0.3 Ti 1.7 (PO 4 ) 3 (LATP) and Li 1.5 Al 0.5 Ge 1.5 (PO 4 ) 3 (LAGP).
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are promising power sources due to the low cost and abundance of battery-grade sodium resources, while practical SIBs suffer from intrinsically sluggish diffusion kinetics and severe volume changes of electrode materials.
A high concentration of the Q 0 (3Al) units leads to suppression of the hopping sites required for long-range motion of the mobile sodium ions, which is also responsible for the low conductivity achieved compared to the other NASI-CON based glasses.
Prussian blue analogs show promise through refined synthesis reducing Fe(CN) 6 vacancies and lattice water, thereby enhancing sub-zero stability and electrochemical performance, where optimizing crystallinity and framework integrity remains crucial.
The hollow microsphere structure of MoO 2.0 N 0.5 / NC is well maintained after long-term cycling, indicating 1 3 that the MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC as an anode shows superior stability during sodium-ion intercalation/de-intercalation (insert A of Fig. 5e).
The porosity of a given solid material, particularly a hard carbon, can be divided into open porosity (also known as accessible porosity) and confined pores, which are referred to as closed porosity (inaccessible pores to probe gases) (Figure 12.a).
Many electrolytes would fail under those conditions, but the experiments in this work prove that SnNaSICONSn could be an effective long duration electrolyte, with the ability to handle halfcycles of greater than 23 h at 100 mA cm -2 (2.3 Ah cm -2 ).
We demonstrate how a stretched exponential function permits us to systematically quantify the rate performance, which in turn reveals guidelines for the design of novel sodium-ion battery chemistries suitable for high power, grid-scale applications.
Almost the same time, Ma's group prepared 1 Ah soft-packed sodium-ion battery based on Ni-Fe-Mn based O3 cathode in 2016 and they further achieved a capacity retention of 92.2% after 1000 cycles via using FEC-PST-DTD (FPD) as electrolyte additives .
Prussian Blue and its analogues (PBAs) have general composition expressed by the formula Na xM2[M1(CN)6]y•nH2O (x limited between 0 and 2, and y is limited between 0 and 1), where M1 and M2 are transition metals from the group Mn, Fe, Co, Cu, Ni etc.
In order to investigate the structural influences on the performance and storage mechanism in NIBs, electrochemical testing of the materials was carried out in half cells using sodium metal as the counter electrode, in the voltage window 0.005-2.5 V.
Thus, even if actual Na content is largely higher than the 0.5 Na content usually reported for stable P3-type structure , this questions the soft chemistry process as a viable methodological approach to stabilize stoichiometric P-type layered oxides.
N-doped porous microspheres allowed more open pores and high surface area with a more significant graphitic layer separation, significantly enhancing the Na-ion storage capacity and delivering a high reversible capacity of 256 mA h g À1 at 1 A g À1 .
For a deeper insight into the impact of surface engineering through TiO 2 coating on sodium storage, DFT calculations are performed to assess the polysulde adsorption capability of the introduced TiO 2 in comparison to conventional carbon materials.
While extensive research has explored the mechanical and thermal safety of LIBs, only a limited number of studies have investigated thermal instabilities in SIB materials, and virtually no work has been done on SIBs under mechanical abuse conditions.
These results indicated that conductive carbon materials can effectively boost the sodium storage performance of NFS, which could be attributed to their good electronic conductivity 2 FESEM images of (a) NFS@KB, (b) NFS@SP, (c) NFS@AB, and (d) NFS@G.
However, two main drawbacks feed their underperformance, namely the irreversible sodium consumption during solid electrolyte interphase formation and the low sodiation degree of one of the most promising cathode materials: the P2-type layered oxides.
The process, applied to four commercial 26,700 SIB packs, involves analyzing EIS data, extracting parameters, and mapping them to temperatures via ML, offering a robust tool for real-time thermal management and risk mitigation in both battery types .
In order to evaluate the possibility of the coal-derived hard carbon anode material BHC-Zn-41 being applied in practical production, a full cell was matched with Na 3 V 2 O 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F (NVPOF) as the cathode for electrochemical performance testing.
In this study, we combine ab-initio calculations with text-mined data on the ionic conductivity of NASICONs from a corpus of several million papers and our experimental work to disentangle the factors that control the Na-ion conductivity in NASICONs.
The low cost, simple synthesis method and excellent electrochemical performance make this hollow structured Prussian blue signicant in sodium ion energy storage applications and other elds such as supercapacitors, electro-catalysts, and biosensors.
No actual experimental data from AOPDHC is accrued in this study to verify the modeling data, however, experimental results from other biomass-derived hard carbons were modeled simultaneously with AOPDHC for authentication purposes (see Table S-1 †).
Iron sulfides (FeS 2 , FeS, Fe 1-x S, Fe 7 S 8 , etc.) are emerging as a rising star of sodium-ion battery anodes by virtue of abundant resources, plentiful phase structures, electrocatalytic effects of iron elements, and facile synthesis approaches.
The results indicate that an excessively high degree of graphitization is unfavorable for sodium-ion storage, resulting in a reduction in rate performance. 41 The cycling stability of the prepared HCs at a current density of 1.0C is shown in Fig. 4d.
In this work, we evaluate the use of highfrequency (HF) electrical fields during synthesis, crystallization, and sintering as a means of enhancing sintering rate beyond that found in conventional thermal sintering processes for NASICON type ceramics.
For full cell preparation, hard carbon anodes were pre-sodiated via electrochemical cycling of the anode in the range of 0.01-2 V, to minimize the first irreversible capacity of cathode and form solid electrolytic interphase on the hard carbon anode.
The electrochemical performance of both ordered and disordered Na 3 Ni 2 BiO 6 indicates that Na ions can be reversibly intercalated into these phases with a performance that has many excellent attributes for a rechargeable Na-ion battery (Figure 3).
When the discharge process was further proceeded to 0.8 mAh cm -2 and to 1.5 mAh cm -2 at ~2.0 V, the intensity of XRD peaks corresponding to NaOH in the ex-situ airelectrodes continuously increased compared to those of Na 2 CO 3 •xH 2 O and Nasicon.
This study presents a prospective life cycle assessment for the production of a sodium-ion battery with a layered transition metal oxide as a positive electrode material and hard carbon as a negative electrode material on the battery component level.
In LIBs, there is a great interest focusing on high-Ni NMC-based layered oxides (LiNi x Mn y Co 1-x -y O 2 ); nevertheless, there is no clear trend on which class of sodium cathode materials should be the main target for successful commercialization.
Understanding and measuring the stresses generated during the (de)intercalation of sodium ions from (into) the oxide structure is critical for improving the mechanical durability and electrochemical performance of SIB cells with metal oxide cathodes.
This ensured that the hard carbon commenced as close to fully desodiated as possible, in line with protocols previously applied to Li and Na-ion cells. 30, We used similar methods as in our previous work 30, to obtain entropy proles for hard carbon.
To take a closer look at the electrochemical reactions upon cycling in the Nasicon SE-based Na-air cell, galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) measurements were performed at 25 °C under open air of 70% RH for three cycles (Fig. 2d-f).
Moreover, Ge owing to its poor electrical conductivity and volume expansion during sodium insertion/extraction has meagre cycling performance. 21 Thus, to overcome these shortcomings, there is a need to develop the hybrid architecture for NIB anodes.
An appropriate understanding of the interaction of the Na ion with the NLNMO surface is vital to study the complete characterization of the Na-ion intercalation reaction and the detailed mechanism of Na-ion diffusion occurring at the cathode surface.
The main reason is that as the compaction density is close to its limit, the hard carbon filling effect is weakened, gradually deteriorating the electrolyte penetration and ion conductivity, although the hard carbon is of intrinsically high kinetics.
To bring atomistic insight into the effect of oxygencontaining surface defects and differing graphitic interlayer distances on the sodium storage and incorporation in the hard carbon samples, density functional theory (DFT) simulations were employed.
Sodium batteries may provide advantages in some applications, but they won't likely replace lithium. "Lithium-ion batteries will in all likelihood always have higher energy density than sodium-ion batteries, but you may not always need the very best.
Moreover, our study also shows an unexploited field of alkaline earth metal vanadates for the exploration of electrode materials for Li/Na-ion batteries or even rechargeable Zn/Mg/Ca-ion batteries, and thus may open new directions in energy storages.
The size of the carbon nodules was tailored between 50 nm and 2 µm, while ensuring similar highspecific surface areas, in order to determine its impact on the electrochemical properties of these carbons as Na-ion battery negative electrode materials.
Additionally, we evaluated the impact of the surface modification process, which entailed vacuum-deposition of silver followed by vacuum-heating, on various samples and discussed the influence of interfacial resistance on sodium insertion/extraction.
Some exceptions are found among phosphate NASICONs with large lanthanide elements such as Er or Dy as doping cations that exhibit high ionic conductivity 46 , however, the temperature at which EIS measurements were taken was not explicitly mentioned.
For the sodium layered oxides, two prevailing structures are P2 and O3 phases , where the letters "P" and "O" represent prismatic and octahedral sites of Na + , respectively, and the numbers 2 or 3 represent the repeating number of stacked TM layers.
The electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) measurements were also performed to study the diffusion of sodium ions in the electrolyte, the charge transfer through the solid electrolyte interphase (SEI), and their diffusion within the electrodes.
Using these capacities, the performance of HC/NaCrO 2 full cells with practical loading masses was evaluated by three-electrode cells with a sodium metal reference electrode, and the energy density was calculated to be 177 Wh (kg-(NaCrO 2 + HC)) -1 .
Compared with the O3-type Na x TMO 2 , the low-Na P2-type materials have many vacancies in Na layers and possess wide prismatic paths for sodium ion diffusion with a low diffusion barrier, which makes P2-type Na x TMO 2 a promising cathode material .
The Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 nanofibers prepared by electrospinning can weave a threedimensional (3D) conductive network which is beneficial for the fast transmission of electrons and sodium-ions (Chen et al., 2012(Chen et al., , 2015;;Zhong et al., 2016).
However, it is known that the interfacial resistance of oxide-based solid electrolytes such as Na 1+x Zr 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 (NASICON), which is used in all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries, is high because of poor contact at the solid/solid interface.
The comparative analysis of lithium-ion and sodium-ion batteries highlights the potential of sodium-ion technology to become a more cost-effective and sustainable alternative to lithium-ion batteries, especially as nanotechnology continues to advance.
Recently, symmetric SIBs full cell have been designed to exploit the voltage differences between distinct redox couples, such as P2-type Na 0.6 [Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 ]O 2 (ref. 16), O3-type Na 0.8 Ni 0.4 Ti 0.6 O 2 (ref. 17) and Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (ref. 18).
The silicon nitride-hard carbon with 7.9%wt SiN x delivered a reversible (desodiation) capacity of 351 mA h g À1 at 50 mA g À1 , while the hard carbon carbonised in nitrogen, without the silicon nitride coating, delivered a capacity of 284 mA h g À1 .
Clearly, these ex situ and operando techniques can be leveraged to establish a greater understanding of the structural and volumetric changes during Na-ion (de)insertion, as well as how materials respond to the strain generated during these processes.
Overall, due to thinner and more homogeneous SEI layer after high-rate activation and more active sites induced by morphology evolution for redox reaction, the Bi/CNRs-15 electrode after high-rate activation delivers better sodium storage performance.
Comparing the average valence of Mn of both compounds based on the compositions derived from refined occupancies and ICP-OES analysis (Table 1) shows that the oxidation state of Mn for Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 is higher regardless of analytical methods.
In detail, the current review focuses on recent trends in material design strategies employed to have efficient SIB alloying anodes with details of unresolved challenges, such as initial huge capacity fading accompanied by multifold volume variations.
To ensure a fair comparison, we focus our discussion on different phosphate-based polyanionic mate-rials, including ortho-phosphates, fluoro-phosphates, pyro-phosphates, mix pyro-phosphates, and NASICON-based (sodium superionic conductors) phosphates.
This value of capacity shows a high sodium insertion, which can be attributed to the sodium adsorption on the RGO nanosheets and is much larger compared to the reported literature where the RGO electrode showed a discharge capacity of 78 mAh g -1 53 .
However, the use of graphite results in poor electrochemical properties in sodium systems because sodium ions are nearly 25% larger than lithium ions. 17) The larger size makes it more difficult for sodium ions to be inserted into the graphene sheets.
Controlled synthesis can favor the formation of specific crystal phases with inherently better diffusion properties and the formation of the α-phase of NaMnO₂, which has better diffusion properties than the β-phase which is consistent with this study.
The outstanding electrochemical performance was attributed to the homogeneous growth of Sb 2 O 3 nanoparticles on the CC, which improved electronic migration, sodium ion diffusion, and structural stability during the conversion and alloying reactions.
During the initial charging period, the O3 and peaks of Na0.55 and Na1 were shifted to lower and higher angles, respectively, which was caused by O-O electrostatic repulsion and TM oxidation, leading to the expansion of c and contraction of a lattice.
Although electrolyte solvent might not reach some of the closed pores, sodium ions do and upon reduction at low potential they ll the closed pores with quasi-metallic sodium, making materials rich in closed pores interesting for use as sodium anodes.
In general, the NASICON-type compounds (Na x M1M2(XO 4 ) 3 (M = V, Ti, Fe, Tr or Nb etc.; X = P, or S, x = 0-4) exhibit an open three-dimensional structure with two types of interstitial positions (M1, M2), where the conductor cations are distributed.
In summary, our study demonstrates the successful synthesis of Na 3.3 Mn 1.2 Ti 0.75 Mo 0.05 (PO 4 ) 3 /C cathode material via a sol-gel method, incorporating sodium enrichment and Mo doping to stabilize a high Mn content within the NASICON structure.
The hard carbon/graphite (HUSHi, AR) electrode in the pouch cell was prepared with a similar process to the electrode used in the coin cell except that the prepared slurry was directly cast on the Be current collector with excellent X-ray penetration.
Our observation showed that, instead of pulverization, the sodiation could result in the "liquid-like" behaviour of P red particles, and thus P red should have a much larger "no-fracture" size for sodium intercalation than that of silicon for lithium.
However, due to the lack of exploration in this area, there is scope for further investigations into the electrolyte used in sodium anode-free batteries, as most studies were performed in Na||Na symmetrical cells for sodium metal battery applications.
Compared to NaFeO 2 , Na 0.875 Fe 0.875 Ti 1.125 O 4 exhibits the low capacities due to the lower quantity of sodium participates in the redox reaction, but the sodium storage voltage improves from 3.2 to 3.6 V (Pan et al., 2013a;Bhange et al., 2017).
Low-temperature testing and performance metrics Recent advancements in full-cell SIB configurations have demonstrated significant improvements in low-temperature performance, making them promising candidates for energy storage in extreme environments.
Importantly, we have pioneered a DCA approach to manipulate reaction dynamics, favoring the formation of O3-type oxide cathode materials, and have successfully synthesized three NLMTOs which all have high reversible capacities exceeding 190 mAh g -1 .
Major peaks such as ( 200), ( 011), , and gradually moved to higher 2θ values during sodium insertion and returned to their original values during sodium de-insertion, which can be attributed to the continuous lattice volume variations during cycling.
Compared to the high total conductivity values (10 -4 to 10 -3 S cm -1 ) of bulk materials reported in the literature [5,6,38,39,, PAD films of NaSICON solid electrolytes exhibit a significantly lower electrical conductivity in the as-deposited state.
In view of the limited battery capacity and structural instability of sodium-graphite intercalation compounds, it's urgent to search for high-capacity and long-life SIB anode materials to meet the needs of large-scale energy storage applications 3,4 .
Micro-spherical hard carbons synthesized using sugar-based carbohydrates, 36,38,52,53 renewable bio-sources, 49,50,54,55 and plastic wastes were reported to reveal significant scalability benefits, cost-effectiveness, and environmental sustainability.
NASICON electrolytes present the general stoichiometric formula Na 1+x Zr 2 P 3-x Si x O 12 (0 ≤ x ≤ 3), whose three-dimensional structure provides suitable tunnels that allow Na + migration, leading to improved ionic conductivity at high temperature .
Considering the objective of this study to analyze scalable and commercially viable SIB cell chemistries towards a GWh year À1 production volume, materials with a low TRL and MRL have been excluded from the analysis. 2.1.1 SIB cathode active materials.
The hard carbon exhibits a high skeletal density of 2.183 g cm -3 probed by He pycnometry experiments, which is slightly lower than the natural graphite (2.26 g cm -3 ) 36 , indicating that only a small amount of internal, inaccessible porosity exists.
The Na + ÀC interaction gradually becomes less ionic as the carbon is reduced, affecting the shifts of sodium already in Fig. 2 Operando 23 Na NMR spectra for an electrochemical cell with sodium metal and hard carbon electrodes, and NaPF 6 electrolyte.
To form an understanding of the sodium storage in the graphitic models with different interlayer distances, the intercalation energy per sodium atom at different sodium loading (up to 8 Na) in the graphitic models of different interlayer distance (Fig.
The advantages of these shapes lie in the low volume-to-surface ratio, the short ionic diffusion length, the richness in reactive sites, the reduction of the volume expansion effect, and the improved electrochemical performance for SIB anodes 150,151 .
As demonstrated in previous studies, perovskite solar cells (PSC) are already shown to be very promising and feasible for indoor applications. 1 In the present study, a similar approach is employed using an OPV in combination with a sodium ion battery.
The most effective method from the above said methods is nanosized particle methods which improve the contact area between the electrode and electrolyte which can envisage more active sites for the sodium storage and decreases the sodium ion diffusion.
By contrast, in P2/P3-NaMNO-PM, the P3 phase transforms into the P′3 phase (highlighted by the black dashed circle) at the end of charging and the beginning of discharging 38,39 , confirming the effective suppression of phase transition in P2/P3-NaMNO.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been considered to be promising candidates for large-scale energy storage systems, electric vehicles, and other portable devices because of their outstanding electrochemical performance and inexpensive characterization.
In addition to the promising application in aqueous sodium-ion batteries, these findings provide new insight for designing even better tunnel-type electrode materials for the development of rechargeable batteries for large-scale energy storage systems.
This article summarizes the research progress of cathode materials that mainly affect the property of sodium-ion batteries, and looks forward to the development prospects of three different technical routes, hoping to provide new ideas for researchers.
Sodium (Na) Super-Ionic CONductor (NaSICON) solid electrolyte (SE) powders (Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 4 ) were prepared by the mixed oxide technique using a planetary ball mill and synthesized via solid-state method at temperatures ranging from 950 to 1200 °C.
Sodium ions can be transported quickly in the PLM due to the large size, high pore ratio and smooth pancake-like morphology, making SLE exhibit a high ionic conductivity of 6.60 × 10 -4 S cm -1 at room temperature and low activation energy of 0.112 eV.
In comparison, other drivers, such as the choice of Li-ion and Na-ion based materials and anode current collector (copper vs. aluminum) will only play a secondary role as long as the supply chains of lithium raw materials and copper are not endangered.
The encapsulation strategy of the synthesized red-phosphorus-impregnated carbon nanofibers has been proven to be an effective method to minimize the side reactions of red phosphorus in sodium-ion batteries, demonstrating stable electrochemical cycling.
Thus, investigating the hard carbon microstructure arising from different morphologies of the same structure and its impact on Na storage performance can help enhance the design and optimization of such anode materials for large-scale NIB applications.
R2032-type coin cells were assembled with the Sn composite disc and sodium metal as working and counter electrodes, respectively, which are separated with a glass fiber filter (GB-100R, ADVANTEC) and a microporous polyolefin membrane (Toray Co., Ltd.).
In the pellet from the SnNaSICONSn-500 cell (Figure 5a and5c), the images are reminiscent of those in the SnNaSICONSn cell tested at 100 mA cm -2 , displaying the mostly uniform, cube-like NaSICON structure throughout the entirety of the cross-section.
Moreover, as for NVPF/C, Figure 5e displayed the peak current (Ip) proportional to the square root (v 1/2 ) of the scanning rate, from which the calculated DNa+ was in the range of 2.41×10 -10 ~1.10×10 -9 cm 2 s -1 , lower than that of N0.92K0.08VPF/C.
Modifying the surface chemistry of electrode materials is a widely adopted strategy to enhance the kinetics of sodium ion storage, as it directly influences the desolvation of Na + -(solvent) n and the ability of Na + to migrate through the SEI layer .
The peak P8, with an average time constant of ∼50 s, marks the slowest electrochemical process, which is the solidstate diffusion of sodium ions within the bulk electrode, and its trend with the voltage is almost a horizontal mirror image of Fig. 6(f).
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which share a similar electrochemical mechanism with lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), are considered an important supplement to LIB technology due to their low production cost, environmental sustainability, and high safety 1 .
Herein, we developed a ''soft-hard'' interface by introducing conducting polymer hydrogels (CPHs), that is, polyvinyl alcohol/polypyrrole (PVA/PPy), to support the uniform distribution of Prussian blue analogues (e.g., copper hexacyanoferrate (CuHCF)).
Here is reported a scalable and low-cost presodiation methodology that solves the low sodiation degree of P2-type sodium layered oxides while eliminating the first irreversible capacity problems and increasing the capacity retention after long cycling.
). "Molten Sodium Penetration in NaSICON Electrolytes at 0.1 A cm -2 ." ACS Applied Energy Materials 6: 2515-2523. • Mode II penetration was observed to be just as prevalent as Mode I in molten sodium symmetric case • "Failure" in cells was progressive
While sodium-ion and lithium-ion LTMOs share similar synthesis methods, this perspective focuses solely on sodium-ion materials; specific studies on lithium-ion synthesis are beyond its scope and readers are suggested to check other published reviews .
Ex situ 23 Na NMR of the sodiated carbons Analysis of the ex situ 23 Na magic-angle spinning (MAS) ssNMR spectra of the fully sodiated materials provides insight into how the sodium storage environments vary according to the carbon structure (Fig. 4a).
In contrast, exposure to moisture causes NFMMT to aggregate and form by-products, which increases interfacial resistance and hinders Na-ion diffusion kinetics, leading to poor Na storage performance, with a capacity retention of 68.0% after 150 cycles.
There is a growing expectation that sodium-ion batteries, which run on widely abundant sodium, will be employed as low-cost secondary batteries 1) ; therefore, NaMeO 2 compounds with a layered rock salt structure are being tested as cathode materials .
The solid-state polymer battery with P2-type Na0.67Ni0.33Mn0.67O2(NNM) and sodium metal as the electrode materials, respectively, and NaTFSI(PEO)20 as the electrolyte exhibited almost the same reversible capacity and polarization as the liquid battery.
Prussian blue analogues possess numerous advantages as cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries, including high energy density, low cost, sustainability, and straightforward synthesis processes, making them highly promising for practical applications.
Generally, the mixed charge storage mechanism can not only provide high reaction kinetics through the pseudocapacitive behavior, but also induce high utilization of the active material, thus guaranteeing high electrochemical sodium storage performance .
Binary and Ternary curve of {[(1-x-y) NaNi0.7Co0.3O2], xNa2MnO3, and yNaCoO2 combinations, that can be denoted as Na [Na1/3Mn2/3] O2, have the same structure as NaCoO2, except there is a super-lattice ordering of Na+ and Mn4+ in transition metal shells.
Thus, the D Na + value of the P-CoSe 2 @PDA-C NR microspheres was one order of magnitude higher than that of the other microsphere, indicating much faster Na-ion diffusion and thereby superior redox reaction kinetics during the charge-discharge process.
This study provides insight into the effect of microstructural differences arising from different cellulose precursors on the electrochemical performance, thereby aiding in the fabrication and optimization of hard carbon anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
The cells consisted of a desired amount of working electrode, sodium metal as a counter/reference electrode, glass fiber separators (Whatman, GF/F) and the electrolyte (1M NaClO4 in propylene carbonate containing 3 % fluoroethylene carbonate by weight).
It should be noted that normalizing with respect to energy content would further emphasize the lower safety of the SIB cell, given its lower energy content, e.g., 3.65 Wh for the fully charged SIB-cell compared to 4.86 Wh for the fully charged LIB-cell.
These peaks can be indexed on the basis of a superlattice model (space group Cm), in which Mg ions are in the center of a honeycomb arrangement surrounded by Mn ions (Figure 1a and 1b for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2, respectively).
The authors deconvoluted the Raman spectra according to the procedure of Sadezky et al. 226 and found that the AD3/AG ratio was smaller when hard carbon was treated under a reducing atmosphere (Ar/H2), suggesting fewer adsorbed molecules on the surface.
While the pore size continues to increase, the decrease in expanded graphitic stacks results in fewer diffusion pathways reaching the pores, and consequently some pores become inaccessible for sodium storage, corresponding to a smaller plateau capacity.
Recently, transition metal sulfides gained great popularity as the candidate of SIB anodes, which benefit from their excellent electrochemical activity and high theoretical capacity, but they also face serious volume expansion and poor cycle stability .
Sodium-ion batteries have garnered unprecedented attention as an electrochemical energy storage technology, but it remains challenging to design high-energy-density cathode materials with low structural strain during the dynamic (de)sodiation processes.
These data again show that diffusion of Na-ions is the main rate determining factor during the sodiation and desodiation of a hard carbon anode and by far outweighs processes such as charge transfer from support to carbon and from carbon to electrolyte.
In recent years, room temperature sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been reported as a promising large-scale renewable energy storage system , on account of low cost and element abundance (~ 2.75% of sodium vs. ~ 0.065% of lithium) of the raw materials .
Of course, the occurrence of each type of reaction should depend on some reaction conditions, and the understanding on such conditions is crucial because the Na-extraction reaction seriously affect successive electrochemical reactions in the SIB cycles.
The R-CuO provided the capacity of 592 mAh g -1 and outstanding cyclability (82% over 1 000 cycles), which was mainly because of the mechanical stability of the electrode material guaranteed by TiO 2 during the embedding and de-embedding of sodium ions.
This special morphology of MOF makes PLM have a higher specific surface area to accommodate more LE and block the transport of anions, so that PLM@LE has a high ionic conductivity (6.60 × 10 -4 S cm -1 ) and higher sodium ion transference number (0.33).
This superior rate performance results from the excellent structural stability with the assistance of the inserted CNF pillars, and the intimate contact between MoS 2 and the conductive CNFIG matrix with greatly shortened sodium ion diffusion distances.
The electrochemical activity of NCMo alluaudite was evaluated as a cathode material in both Li-ion and Na-ion battery configurations within 3.0 V-4.3 V voltage range (at C/20) without any particle size optimization or formation of carbon-nanocomposites.
Heteroatom doping can solve this problem, which can introduce vacancy defects to establish additional sodium storage sites, alleviate the electrostatic repulsion and stress among layers, help to overcome the migration resistance and diffusion obstacles.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), as an alternative energy storage system for lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), have attracted increasing attention due to their low cost and the abundant resource of sodium (Gao et al., 2017;Cui et al., 2018;Liang et al., 2018c).
Additionally, since undoped NASICONs oen suffer from mechanical degradation during cycling, doping can strengthen the NASICON framework by reducing lattice strain and improving cyclability, chemical stability, and interfacial stability with electrodes.
The organic electrodes are preferred in order to mitigate some fire accidents by the batteries.The safety factors of sodium ion batteries also important, because the materials used in the electrodes or electrolytes may prone to some hazardous accidents.
Meng et al. , Li et al. , Lu et al. , Zhao et al. , Li et al. used a pore-forming agent or adopted preoxidation/high-temperature carbonization to tune the closed pore structure of the hard carbon and hence to realize a large reversible plateau capacity.
It can be seen that the charge/discharge curves of the Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 )// Hard carbon full cell are not as sloping as for those using PPycoated Fe 3 O 4 , so the energy density can be improved with an elevated mid-working voltage platform.
Na3V2(PO4)3 in the NASICON structure is a covalent skeleton [V2P3O12] composed of VO6 octahedron and PO4 tetrahedron, between which a three-dimensional interconnected tunnel structure and two sodium ion distribution gap positions (M1 and M2) are formed.
Lithium-ion batteries have been widely used in large-scale electric energy storage applications for renewable energy and smart grid, but the availability of lithium metal is limited so it is necessary to look for other alternatives such as sodium metal.
As a result, at 0.2C, a high capacity of 170 mA h g À1 (almost the theoretical value) was produced, surpassing that of the majority of NASICON cathodes. 22,26,41,61,62 Furthermore, this verifies that HE-V's three-electron redox reactions were triggered.
Given the abundant sodium resources in the earth's crust, SIB is deemed to be a costeffective energy storage technology that could compete with the mature lead acid battery (LABs) (Yin et al. 2022) and lithium-ion battery (Xie and Lu 2020) technologies.
In order to scale up the deployment of renewable powers to the TW level, the affordability, abundance, and durability of materials for ESSs should be considered in the first place. An alternative and promising candidate would be aqueous Na-ion batteries.
The Rietveld refinement of the XRD patterns (Figure 3 and Table SI 2,3) confirms that P3-type structure is obtained for both samples and the presence of NiO impurity (5wt% as deduced from quantitative phase analysis) for P3-Na x Mn 1/2 Ni 1/2 O 2 sample.
The morphologies and detailed crystal structures of the entropytuned Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.23 Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 and the nonentropy-tuned NaMNO 2 were characterized by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM).
Sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) are attracting considerable attention as possible post Li-ion batteries, however despite their seemingly similar chemistries there are significant differences which require extensive research before they can be commercialised.
It is worth noting that the number of research articles combined with computational science is about 346 (about 19.81%), which indicates that computational science plays an important role in the comprehensive research of sodium layered cathode materials.
S9, ESI †), at low x Na (corresponding to low specific capacity), sodium storage at surface defects dominates, whereas as soon as the defect sites become saturated, sodium intercalation in expanded graphitic bilayers becomes energetically favourable too.
It is found that the Y-and Z-coordinates of the sodium ion are relatively restricted within a small range, indicating that diffusion along a direction perpendicular to the furrow of the sodium ion is prohibited by the relatively higher diffusion barrier.
Various cathode materials for post-lithium ion batteries have been reported, for instance, layered oxides (like A x MO 2 , M=Co, V, Mo, Ti etc ) , polyanions oxide (like AM 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , M= Ti, V) and Prussian blue analogues and organic-based electrode .
These include NaFePO 4 , 9 NaVPO 4 F, 10 Na 4 Mn 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 ), 11 A x MSO 4 F (A = Li/Na; M = 3d metals), Li 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , 12 Na 2 Fe 2 (SO 4 ) 2 13 etc., which possess acceptable thermal stability, long cycle life and high rate durability.
CuS has a good alloying reaction with sodium ions (Li et al., 2020).The intercalation and conversion reaction of CuS with sodium ions take place, as explained by Eqs 1, 2 as follows (Kim et al., 2017): CuS + 2Na + + 2e -⇋ Na 2 S + Cu 560 mAhg -1 -------.
In this work, we follow a combined approach of experiments, density functional theory (DFT) calculations and multiphase-field simulations to predict thermodynamic and kinetic properties for the P2-type Na X Ni 1/ 3 Mn 2/3 O 2 sodium-ion cathode material.
In the case of hard carbons, the presence of structural defects induces a peak enlargement, and I D /I G ratio remains interesting in order to highlight a possible evolution of ordering between hard carbons (corresponding values are reported in Table 1).
The observation here could be because the hard carbons used to train the models are obtained from different precursors, which was done to assist in limiting the potential for a biased training of the algorithms and add to the veracity of the predictions.
The excellent sodium storage performance of MnS 0.5 Se 0.5 @N-CNF is primarily attributed to its porous structure and nanofiber carbon framework, which mitigate volume expansion and maintain high structural integrity during Na + insertion and extraction.
In the 1970s, NASICON structured electrolytes were developed and their chemical formula Na1+xZr2P3 -xSixO12 (0 ≤ x ≤ 3) was given. Na3Zr2Si2PO12 is a high-performance ionic conductivity that reaches a high level at room temperature (6.7 × 10-4 S cm-1 ) .
To explore the dynamics mechanism upon redox reactions and the origin of the improvement on the sodium storage activity of NSC-600, CV measurements at various scan rates (0.2-1.4 mV s -1 ) were performed to detect the charge storage kinetics (Figure 4A).
With the advancement of sodium-ion batteries, layered manganese-based sodium-ion batteries have garnered significant attention due to their high safety and cost-effectiveness, positioning them as strong contenders for grid-scale energy storage solutions.
This study shows examples of the possible degradation mechanisms (and phases) while overcharging and mid-term cycling which is in turn crucial to making better electrodes, either based on these materials or generally in cathodes for sodium-ion batteries.
The scanning electron microscopy (SEM) image of NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (inset of Fig. 1a) shows the presence of irregular micron-sized (∼10 mm) primary particles and elemental mapping shows the homogeneous distribution of Nb, P, and O in the sample (Fig.
The SnSb@C-SiOC nanohybrid addresses critical challenges such as large volume expansion, sluggish Na-ion transport, structural instability, and undesirable SEI formation in SnSb-based alloy anodes, representing a signicant advancement in SIB technology.
To further verify the simulation conclusions, galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) curves of the charge/discharge process of ZnSe@C and ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 @C were measured to dig out their sodium ion diffusion rates (Supplementary Fig. 12).
This high value in capacity is attributed to the electrolyte reductive decomposition, reactions between the oxygen-containing functional groups on the graphene sheets and sodium ions, and the formation of solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) layer 12,16, .
Interestingly, the sodium content of 1.52 determined from ICP for HS-PW should correspond to a mixture of cubic Fm 3 m and rhombohedral R 3 phases since a sodium content of 1.52 lies in the two-phase region for PW ( ∼ 1.2 to ∼ 1.8 sodium-ions per f.u.) .
Thanks to the lightweight CNTFs, the assembled FARSIB exhibits a maximum specific energy density of about 27.72 Wh kg -1 and still maintains a high specific energy density of about 19.61 Wh kg -1 achieving a maximum power density of about 3.24 KW kg -1 .
Galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) was further performed to investigate the influence of multistep sodiation and desodiation reactions of Fe 1-x S/MoS 2 heterostructure on Na-ion chemical diffusion coefficient (D Na ) (Figs. 3g andS12).
The electrolyte solution was prepared by dissolving 1 M NaClO 4 in a 1:1 (v/v) mixture of ethylene carbonate (EC) and diethyl carbonate (DEC) with 5 vol% fluoroethylene carbonate (FEC) as an additive, following established protocols for SIB electrolytes .
To the best of our knowledge, so far the band assignments for P2-type sodium transition metal layered oxides in literature are not consistent (Iliev et al., 2004;Lemmens et al., 2004;Qu et al., 2006;Yang et al., 2006;Singh et al., 2015;Wang et al., 2016).
This review offers a snapshot of the recent progress on the synthetic strategies used to prepare hollow cathodes, their improved battery performance, and the mechanism of sodium storage underlying the use of hollow micro-/nanostructured cathode materials.
Both of the two electrochemical properties cover a wide range, which offers an abundant selection of candidates for the SIB cathodes and in relation to that expands the list of compliant SIB anode materials that could be employed at the counter electrode.
Nonetheless, the larger radius and slower reaction kinetics of sodium ions compared to those of lithium ions would cause large volume variation and large polarization of anode materials, which lead to poor cycling performance and low reversible capacity .
Through operando characterisation of a sodium-ion solid-state half-cell, regions of sodium metal|NASICON interfaces were formed and cycled at different current densities with the critical current density (CCD) found to be 0.04 μA μm -2 in a 1 μm 2 region.
The evolution of the XRD patterns correlated well with the charging and discharging processes (Figure 7a and7b), the absence of a phase transition indicates a single-phase solid-solution intercalation and de-intercalation of Na-ions for (Ni)MnO2 material.
In different classes of NASICON type glassceramic, titanium ions in LiTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 crystalline phase could be partially substituted with trivalent (like Al 3+ , La 3+ , Cr 3+ , and Fe 3+ ) and tetravalent (like Zr 4+ , Hf 4+ , Ge 4+ , and Sn 4+ ) ions .
If the Ca0.7Na0.8VP composition occurs as a mixture of Na3VP and CaVP as predicted by our calculations, the chemical oxidation of Ca0.7Na0.8VP to Ca0.7Na0.2VP can be attributed to Na + extraction from Na3VP, with CaVP remaining mostly chemically inactive.
In detail, cycling stability of 597 mAh g -1 at 0.2 A g -1 after 200 cycles and unprecedented rate capability of 259 mAh g -1 at 20.0 A g -1 can be obtained, which is among the top in the records of all the SnS 2 -based anodes for Na-ion batteries (SIBs).
In this work, we demonstrate a high-voltage PBA cathode, namely NaIn[Fe(CN) 6 ] (InHCF), for aqueous Na-ion batteries and report our findings on the desired composition and concentration of aqueous electrolytes to maximize its electrochemical performance.
In situ X-ray diff-ractometer analysis spectra also confirm that an enlarged interlayer spacing stimulated by OVs is beneficial to accommodate insertion and removal of sodium ions to accelerate storage kinetics and preserve its original crystal structure.
Lee et al. investigated the Na 2 Mn II [Mn II (CN) 6 ] Prussian blue compound that showed an excellent capacity of 209 mAh g -1 at C/5 current rate and was mediated by a two-electron reaction; it revealed a reversible capacity of 167 mAh g -1 at 2C rate .
However, the practical application of biomass-derived carbon is limited by their relatively rare storage sites and low diffusion kinetics. 121 In sucrose and glucose, it is converted into uniform spherical hard carbon via hydrothermal treatment at 160 1C.
As a notable example of layered oxide cathodes for SIBs, P2-type Na-FeMn layered oxide (NFMO) achieves high specific discharge capacity but suffers from limited cycling stability, whereas O3-type NFMO offers prolonged cycle life yet at a reduced capacity.
Because of the successful application of graphite materials in Li-ion batteries, the negative electrode of Na-ion batteries is first studied with graphite negative electrode, but the research shows that the sodium storage capacity of graphite is very low.
We believe that these fundamental insights into Na-ion storage mechanisms provide the community guiding principles to steer the development and optimization of hard carbon anodes and as such will hasten commercialization of high capacity Na-ion batteries.
Among the available cathode materials, P2-type layered oxides, especially sodium manganese-rich oxides (Na x MnO 2 ) have been deemed as one of the most fascinating cathode candidates due to their high specific capacities and the natural abundance of Mn .
Additionally, a comparison between CH-1500 (R = 1.80, L a = 3.44, and L c = 1.10) and CH-800-1500 (R = 1.75, L a = 3.41, and L c = 1.09) reveals that CO 2 etching results in a measurable reduction in the graphitization degree of the hard carbon materials.
For the hard carbon immersed in typical 1 M NaPF 6 -G2 electrolytes (without Na metal) for 10 days, the Na 1s peak at 1072.4 eV corresponding to ionic Na can always be detected and the peak intensity remained unchanged during the 21-min etching (Fig. 3g).
Indeed, the carbon with the highest volume of closed pores proved as an interesting candidate for sodium anodes, reaching capacities higher than 170 mA h g À1 , with storage in closed pores contributing to around 80 mA h g À1 at a current density of C/20.
Operando solid-state NMR studies of hard carbons 13 have shown 23 Na NMR signals attributed to both Na metal and Na + in the electrolyte, but have also shown an additional peak at -40 ppm, which shifts to +600 ppm during the low-potential (0.1 V) plateau.
This underscores the effectiveness of the FF model in characterizing the structure and interactions in NaSICONs and in describing the Na + transport behavior without necessitating explicit consideration of the ion migration and transition state structure.
This experimental evidence is in line with our computational modeling results, that show how the average model is cubic for the 12.5% W-substituted sample but, locally, the diffusion of Na-ion is not perfectly isotropic, as expected for a cubic structure.
First-principles calculations based on the density functional theory have been carried out to investigate the adsorption of Li and Na atoms on C 3 N monolayer to explore its potential applications as anode material in Li-and Na-ion rechargeable batteries.
XPS is a useful technique to investigate the chemical composition of hard carbon surfaces (~10 nm) and is commonly used to investigate the hybridization state of carbon atoms and oxygen atoms on HC surfaces, the presence of impurities, and chemical bonds.
Chen et al. prepared vanadium-modified submicron hard carbon materials with stable interface by hydrothermal carbonization and high temperature pyrolysis, whose pseudographitic structure played an important role in sodium storage and interface stability .
If Na-ion batteries are to reach large-scale deployment, it will be essential to utilize an extensive array of characterization tools that span multiple time and length scales to better understand the fundamental operating and failure modes of electrodes.
Amorphization has been shown to play a crucial role in promoting the electrochemical performance of Na-Fe-P-O based cathodes, 76,77 and, in this regard, it would also be interesting to further study sodium oxysulphide glass materials for Na-ion batteries.
The sodium-based NaMPO on the reversible redox process outlined below: Two prominent polymorphs, Olivine (O) and Maricite (M), share the same space group but differ in the spatial arrangement of sodium ions and transition metals, as shown in Figs. 4(a,b).
This article discusses the current state-of-the-art materials used in Na-ion cells and several directions that STORE believes are critical to understand and control the structural and volumetric changes during the reversible (de)insertion of large cations.
This study provides valuable insights into the design and optimization of intermetallic compounds for multifunctional energy storage applications and smooth the way for their experimental realization in future supercapacitor and sodium-ion battery devices.
The construction of a phosphating layer on bamboo powder-based hard carbon proposed in this study provides meaningful guidance for rationally improving the SEI on the anode side to bridge the gap between interfacial chemistry and fast-charging performance.
Operando synchrotron XPS studies are also capable of tracking solid-liquid interphases and the exact mechanism of SEI constitution in different alloying-based SIB cells that can help mitigate randomized search going on for efficient alloying anodes in SIB.
In particular, the capacity decay of cells for NIBs with TMS anodes is seriously induced under the carbonate-based electrolyte system, which has high activation-energy barrier for Na-ion diffusion on the structure and low stability during repeated cycles .
In the fourth stage, corresponding to the discharge from 3.3 to 2.0 V, the XRD patterns essentially restored the NASICON structure without any impurity peaks, indicating complete reversibility of the structure of NVAP2 during the charge-discharge process .
This is because eldfellite-type Na x V(SO 4 ) 2 has a theoretical capacity of 201 mA h g À1 in the composition range of 0 o x o 2, while NASICON-type Na x V 2 (SO 4 ) 3 has only a theoretical capacity of 137 mA h g À1 in the composition range of 0 o x o 2.
Different types of electrolyte materials are suitable for different application scenarios of sodium-ion batteries, and we should consider the selection of electrolyte materials from various aspects such as performance, cost, and environmental friendliness.
Unlike LiFePO 4 , the olivine NaFePO 4 is thermally unstable in ambient environment and has to be produced (Kim et al., 2015) by the ion exchange of Li + in olivine LiFePO 4 with Na + , which complicates the production and increases cost (Oh et al., 2012).
Moreover, it is worth noting that the electrochemical performance of carbonaceous materials can be enhanced through doping heteroatom elements and manufacturing porous structures , which provides higher conductivity and extra Na-ion storage sites in SIBs .
To assess the performance of the bismuth NSs anode in the full battery system, a sodium-ion full battery was constructed by coupling the bismuth NSs anode with a homemade Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /rGO (NVP@rGO) cathode, denoted as bismuth NSs//NVP@rGO (Fig. 6a).
The SbPO 4 /BC x hybrid electrode could provide stable PO 4 3À anions and sufficient void space from the BC x matrix, which can perfectly accommodate the volumetric expansion during the sodium ion insertion, and preserve the structural stability of anodes.
The extra reflections are apparent due to Na-ordering and the identified superstructure matches that which was previously found for Na 1/2 CoO 2 by Huang et al. 34 In contrast, no evidence of Na-ion ordering was seen for Na 2/3 [Ni 1/6 Mn 1/2 Fe 1/3 ]O 2 .
In this work we focused on the recently discovered open-cage allotrope Si 24 and, using DFT calculations, we assessed several of its thermodynamic and kinetic properties of relevance for the potential use as anode material for emerging Na-ion technologies.
The adsorption of sodium ions at the surface-active site, the filling or adsorption mechanism of sodium storage in the nanopore, and the interlayer embedding mechanism of sodium storage are the three main methods of storing sodium in hard carbon materials.
In a parallel study, a groundbreaking O3/O′3-P2 core-shell composite material was successfully synthesized, 107 characterized by a nanoscale coherent P2/O3 intergrowth architecture seamlessly bridging the microscale P2 shell and the O3-type core (Fig. 6c).
The NTP@C//Na 0.44 MnO 2 aqueous SIB assembled with deep eutectic electrolytes showed an ultra-high energy density (50.0 Wh kg -1 , according to the overall cathode and anode weight) and ultra-long cycle life (3,500 cycles, capacity retention rate of 90%).
Comparatively less research attention has been devoted to the influence of the heating rate in the low-temperature region, where it can be expected that the structure of the final hard carbon is largely established and a significant impact can be expected.
Operando ssNMR is sensitive towards metastable states occurring during cycling, which would not otherwise be detected by ex situ experiments since the Na metal could have disappeared before the hard carbon electrode was collected for characterization 289 .
A powerful approach to derive the quantitative evaluation of hard carbon defects/active sites is the determination of the active surface area (ASA) by TPD-MS, which is associated with chemically accessible and reactive sites that allow covalent bonds 238 .
K-containing polyanion compounds hold great potential as anodes for sodium-ion batteries considering their large ion transport channels and stable open frameworks; however, sodium storage behavior has rarely been studied, and the mechanism remains unclear.
In this unique multilayer yolk-shell structure, a thin and porous V 2 O 3 layer allows sodium ions to pass quickly, a carbon coating enhances the conductivity of the overall skeleton, and a stable yolk-shell structure effectively relieves volume expansion.
When using the CO 2 sorption data (CPVs) of HT4 (highest porosity) and HT5 (lowest porosity) Equation 1 and Equation 2 reveal expected capacities of, respectively, 175 and 151 mAh g -1 for SIB tests and of, respectively, 320 and 277 mAh g -1 for LIB tests.
Our findings suggest that Mode II failure is a major contributor to the formation of dendrites within NaSICON and that (dis)charge density (mAh cm -2 ) may be just as important as current density (mA cm -2 ) when considering electrolyte damage and failure.
We highlight that, despite their attractive properties such as high capacity and good cycling stability demonstrated by Na[Li 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 24 , manganese-based O3-type OAR sodium cathodes are significantly scarcer 21,24 as compared to the P2 polymorphs .
Notably, the Mg substitution of x = 0.02 is the most favorable composition due to its highest capacity retention, the highest redox reversibility based on the peak potential differences, and the highest Na-ion mobility based on GITT and m + SR measurements.
A fire-extinguishing concentrated electrolyte with NaN (SO 3 F) 2 as the salt and TMP as the sole solvent was used in a hard carbon (HC)//Sodium-metal half-cell, and a stable charge-discharge operation for over 1200 cycles at a low rate of C/5 was observed.
Continued exploration of novel electrode materials is expected to push the boundaries of SIB technology, bringing it closer to widespread commercial application and enabling high-performance SIBs to fulfill their potential in various energy storage systems.
This is about the average temperature mostly used for preparing hard carbons for sodium-ion batteries. 12,80 The statistical results indicate that the distribution of features is not within a very close range (based on the standard deviations from Table 2).
As most phenolic resin synthesis relies on toxic phenol or formaldehyde precursors, much greener precursors, such as phloroglucinol, tannin and glyoxylic acid, have been proposed (Figure 5.d), with obtained hard carbon materials showing high performance vs.
Accordingly, conversion-based materials have been extensively studied as high-capacity anode materials in both lithiumion batteries and sodium-ion batteries because their theoretical capacity is twice or thrice higher than that of insertion-based materials.
As a result, the bismuth nanosheet anode presents excellent sodium storage properties with an ultralong cycle life of 6500 cycles at a high current density of 10 A g -1 , and an excellent capacity retention of 87% at an ultrahigh current rate of 30 A g -1 .
In this study, to reduce the interfacial resistance, we conceived of introducing a ductile electrolyte, Na(CB 9 H 10 ) 0.7 (CB 11 H 12 ) 0.3 (NaCBH), Na 2.25 Y 0.25 Zr 0.75 Cl 6 (NYZC), and a polymer electrolyte (PE), into the NASICON/hard carbon interface.
The O3-type (or a-NaFeO 2 ) stacking sequence is typically found for layered oxides with high Na concentration, Na x MO 2 (x $ 0.9). 16 Owing to the higher Na content, O3-type materials usually display higher capacities than comparable P2-type compositions.
To avoid these issues, we adopt electrospinning technology to fabricate phosphorousfunctionalized hard carbon with low specific surface area and low operation potential, aiming at maximizing the desodiation capacity and further improving the energy density.
Furthermore, the MnF 2 -E//AC NICs and MnF 2 // AC NICs exhibited comparable or even better overall performances than that of many state-of-the-art NICs systems reported in the literature (Table S10 †), showing their promising application in Na-ion storage.
The initial sodium extraction process is further analyzed through the Na-ion mobility inside the structure and for this purpose, we electrochemically extracted 0.22 moles of Na from our tt-NMO composition by restricting the charge capacity to 60 mA h g -1 .
Among the various kinds of cathode materials, Prussian blue (PB) and its analogues (PBAs) have been widely researched due to the three dimensional open framework, high theoretical capacity, and simple synthesis method. 39 According to the XRD result in Fig.
Employing copper (Cu) as an anode current collector for metal sulphides is perceived as a general strategy to achieve stable cycle performance in sodium-ion batteries, despite the compatibility of the aluminium current collector with sodium at low voltages.
This type of model was also reported by Titirici et al. 274 when hard carbon structures were synthesized using hydrothermal treatment of glucose with citric acid as a catalyst and further carbonized at different temperatures ranging from 1000 °C to 1900 °C.
Compared with hard carbon, there was no signicant difference in current density in the high potential region > 0.1 V in the case of anthracite, indicating that the ability of Na + adsorption on the surfaceactive sites in both materials was almost the same.
Coin cells (R 2032) were assembled in an Ar-lled glove box with the prepared electrodes, sodium metal foil as the counter electrode, 1 M NaPF 6 dissolved in EC : PC (1 : 1 v/v) as the electrolyte and a glass ber lter (GB-100R, ADVANTEC) as the separator.
For comparison, 10 mmº hard carbon-poly(vinylidene fluoride) (PVdF) (90-10 wt%) electrodes were operated in a half cell with a liquid electrolyte (1 mol dm ¹3 NaPF 6 in ethylene carbonate (EC)/ dimethyl carbonate (DMC)) and a sodium metal counter electrode.
Considering the abundance of sodium ions existing (Slater et al., 2013) and the nearest ion radius with lithium-ion in the group of alkali metal elements in the periodic table, quantities of researchers paid their attention to sodium rechargeable batteries.
Among battery materials, Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) are promising materials for thermocell, because α changes from approximately -0.3 mV/K in Na x Mn[Fe(CN) 6 ] 0.83 3.5 H 2 O (NMF83) to approximately 1.3 mV/K in Na x Co[Fe(CN) 6 ] 0.9 2,9H 2 O (NCF90).
Electrochemical analyses reveal that the enhanced performance is attributed to the improved Na-ion diffusion kinetics, reduced charge-transfer resistance, and the structural stability conferred by the nitrogen-doped carbon shell and the internal void space.
It has been reported in the literature that the plateau region capacity seems to correlate with the volume of suitable (micro)pores for sodium storage. Therefore, it can be concluded that CVD leads to the formation of closed pores suitable for Na + storage.
It is important to note that the integration of the NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 anode and the NASICON-Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 cathode with a suitable electrolyte is expected to produce a higher energy density Na-ion battery compared to the Ti-and V-based anodes (Fig.
The structural characterization results indicate that there are a large number of uniformly sized closed pores in the coal derived hard carbon, leading to an improved specic capacity of 325.3 mA h g -1 at 0.03 A g -1 (146.7 mA h g -1 for plateau capacity).
The peak at the higher field (1141 ppm), is expected to arise from sodium metal deposited at an angle closer to 0°, such as would be expected by the formation of dendritic Na microstructures, which would grow normal to the electrodes (and parallel to B 0 ).
Symmetrical and full-cells were assembled to exclude any influence of sodium metal counter electrode on the results. 28,29 These cell types do not only mitigate the risk of cross-talk but also keep a better accountancy of the sodium reserve within the cell.
With these unique structural and compositional advantages, the MnS 0.5 Se 0.5 @N-CNF electrode exhibits excellent rate performance, high reversible capacity, and longterm cycling stability as the anode material for both sodium-ion half-cells and full cells.
Rationally designed nanostructured electrode materials, especially yolk-shell metal selenide@void@C architectures, are gaining prominence as potential anode candidates for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) due to their exceptional sodium-ion storage capabilities.
This intermetallic acts as a Na+ ion-conducting layer on the surface of the NaSICON, decreasing interfacial resistance by more than an order of magnitude, and drastically decreasing the voltage required to drive a symmetric Na-NaSICON-Na cell at 50 mA cm-2.
The GDC prole in Fig. 4f shows ve characteristic states corresponding to distinct phase transitions during the sodium storage process: initial pristine state, discharged to 0.50 V, fully discharged to 0.01 V, charged to 1.50 V, and fully charged to 3.00 V.
As a large family of the lattices with open framework structure, abundant redox-active sites and chemically stable structures, Prussian blue and its analogues (PBAs) can serve in principle as promising insertion cathode materials for a variety of metal ions.
For example, replacing Zr 4+ with lower-valent Mg 2+ also increases the Na content 24 , Moreover, because the NASICON framework can accommodate a wide range of chemical species in the M and A sites 11,21,23, , the possible compositional space is immense 36 .
In this work, we aim to tune the sodium intercalation potential in graphite by systematically investigating the correlations among the co-intercalation voltage, the solvent species, the concentrations of sodium ions in the electrolytes, and the temperatures.
Through density functional theory (DFT) simulations, time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry, synchrotron radiation, and other characterization methods, we investigated charge compensation mechanisms of high-entropy MOFs as fast sodium storage anodes.
This, in addition to the restricted distribution of Li mineral reserves, may dramatically increase the cost of lithium ion batteries. 1,2 Rechargeable sodium ion batteries (SIBs) have recently attracted great attention due to the wide availability of sodium.
Based on the results of the joint ND and XRD renement, FAULTS soware 67 was deployed to obtain the stacking probability of P3-type stacking faults from the XRD patterns 56 and to analyse the stacking probability of C 1 C 1 stacking faults from ND patterns.
Structurally, Kubota et al. investigated the origin of enhanced capacity retention of P2-Type Na 0.67 Ni 0.33-x Mn 0.67 Cu x O 2 (0 ≤ x ≤ 1/9), where the introduction of Cu reduces the extent of Mn 3+ -driven JT distortions and suppresses phase transitions .
This is likely due to the SEI containing fewer conducting sodium ions (Na + ) as less shuttling of Na + across the interface occurs in these voltage windows, and no subsequent 'conditioning' to allow for the rearrangement of the interface layer has occurred.
The present study targeted to achieve the synthesis of hard carbon material synthesised from biomass in order to check the potential of the material for supercapacitor applications, which will be cheap, eco-friendly and ease synthesis procedure must be easy.
It is proven that the integration of ultrane and uniformly encapsulated active nanoparticles and N/S-doped carbon matrix can effectively guarantee enhanced reaction kinetics and a superior structural robustness against repeated sodium insertion/ extraction.
Similarly, another prepared composite (PI-700-P28) with only 20 wt% hard carbon achieved a high reversible specific capacity of 376.8 mA h g À1 and a competitive ICE of 71.04% (Fig. 7(c)), 109 giving prominence to the prospect of hard-soft carbon composites.
Since the electronegativity of sulfur is lower than that of oxygen, sulfide electrolytes usually exhibit faster sodium ion conduction than oxide electrolytes because the electrostatic force of sulfur and sodium ion is less than that of oxygen and sodium ion.
When we compared the current density at which 85 % normalized capacity was achieved, the sodium insertion kinetics of ³1-2 vol% HC electrodes (700-1000 mA g (HC) ) were 15-20 times higher than that of the 95 vol% (undiluted) HC electrode (50-100 mA g (HC) ).
Some investigations have demonstrated that the appropriate element substitutions (such as Ti 4+ , Mg 2+ , Cu 2+ , Al 3+ , Sn 4+ , Zn 2+ , etc.) considerably suppress the irreversible phase transition and improve Na + diffusion coefficient of O3-type oxides .
In summary, after formation and upon cycling (as presented in Fig. 4), the hard carbon interface with an electrolyte containing FEC exhibited increased NaF and sodium alkyl carbonate, Na-O-(CQO)-O-CH 2 -R, compounds as compared to that without this additive.
Additionally, a sodium-ion full cell was assembled via employing the MnS 0.5 Se 0.5 @N-CNF as anode and Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 @C (NVP@C) as cathode to further evaluate the application potential of SIBs device, as illustrated in the schematic diagram in Fig. 6a.
Despite this, rutile has good cycling stability and high sodium storage performance, and it is rarely studied compared to its counterpart, anatase, due to slow sodium diffusion (Usui et al., 2015) and its very low electronic conductivity (Chen et al., 2015).
As shown in Fig. 4c, all the Nyquist plots for the cells exhibited a semicircle in the high-frequency region, which was ascribed to charge transfer processes of sodium ions through the interface between the surface layer of the particles and the electrolyte.
On the other hand, the replacement of titanium ions with tetravalent ions in the NASICON structure reinforces the chemical resistance of the corresponding electrolyte against the lithium electrode and keeps titanium ions as Ti 4+ without reduction to Ti 3+ .
The porosity of the sintered NASICON pellet was measured using the Archimedes measurement method, where one calculates the proportion of internal pores by measuring the weight of the sample in the air and the weight of the sample after immersing it in water.
A series of ten hard carbon materials were prepared using phenolic and carbohydrate precursors, by polymerization and hydrothermal carbonisation, respectively, followed by pyrolysis of the recovered solid product at temperatures ranging from 1300 to 1600 1C.
We report a study of the electron transport (ET) properties at the nanoscale (conductive-AFM denoted as C-AFM hereafter) of individual Prussian Blue Analog (PBA) cubic nanocrystals (NCs) of CsCo III Fe II , with a size between 15 and 50 nm deposited on HOPG.
Both Ar and Ar/H 2 atmospheres lead to the formation of the orthorhombic NFPP crystal structure. 27 In addition to the NFPP main phase, maricite (NaFePO 4 ) and Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 impurities were detected for the NFPP synthesized under an Ar ow as shown in Fig.
In this work, the development of an Ag-coated Cu polylactic acid (PLA) thermoplastic composite filament for its use, once 3D printed via TME, as current collector at the negative electrode side of a classical LIB or sodium-ion battery, has been demonstrated.
Moreover, the sluggish diffusivity of sodium ions in the transition metal oxides limits the rate of sodium insertion/extraction (low energy density), and the low surface area of the bulk electrodes restrains their capacitive contribution (low power density).
At such low temperatures, SIB electrolytes can crystallize or even freeze, thus causing battery failure. 9 Despite a lot of work having been done to address the rst two challenges, less attention has been given to resolving the low-temperature shortcomings.
However, the precise structural changes accompanying these thermal events remain unresolved, underscoring the need for further investigation. 3 The thermal behavior of P2-type layered oxides, where sodium is prismatically coordinated, have also been studied.
As the SIB market begins to develop, this will induce more research and development on hard carbon, electrolytes, and cathodes, which will favour the implementation of renewable and abundant materials, low cost SIB devices, and low CO2 emission applications.
We investigate the use of polystyrene as a sacrificial template to introduce additional internal porosity into glucose-derived hard carbons, in the form of micrometer-sized channels, and the effect on the sodium storage properties and irreversible processes.
For cathode materials, soft and hard carbon materials with low graphitization degrees have been widely concerned and studied because of their high sodium storage activity, acceptable sodium storage capacity and excellent cycling and magnification properties.
The extremely depressed semicircle implied that the interfacial resistance of the SnNaSICONSn-100 electrolyte had been reduced to the point that it was negligible compared to the overall resistance (which consisted of the bulk and interfacial contributions).
This is usually attributed to the kinetic problems of the insertion/deinsertion reactions associated with the larger sodium ion, although this not quite fully understood. 13,35 The formation of SEI layers is also partially responsible for the low efficiency.
Na-ion full batteries with CVO-450 as the anode and excessive Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C nanoparticles (Supplementary Fig. 10) as the cathode were assembled, to demonstrate the potential of the as-synthesized calcium vanadate nanowires for practical applications.
Aiming at meeting the need of developing an ecofriendly SIB technology, a preliminary comparative LCA study for the evaluation of the production of electro-spun Fe 2 O 3 -based fibers, previously successfully tested as anode materials in SIBs, is carried out.
Compared to LIBs, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) exhibit a similar electrochemical property but potentially a much lower cost due to the abundance and wide availability of sodium resources, which indicates a great promise for the large-scale energy storage 4,5 .
S doping can change the electronic and metallic properties of carbon, and the C-S-C bonds can offer additional electron transfer routes for increasing the electronic conductivity, which indirectly facilitates the enhancement of the sodium storage capability .
The heat map is further annotated as follows: blocks that contain at least one Na 3 compound are highlighted with orange rectangles; blocks that only have sulfate NASICONs, and therefore not included in the experimental study, are marked with grey rectangles.
These observations motivate us to investigate the structural changes in NASICON, mainly in unsubstituted NaZr, in greater detail to help us elucidate the connection between temperaturedependent activation energy changes from QENS and the absence of DSC peaks.
The low CE of 58.5% on the rst cycle (Fig. 7b) reects the loss of Na during the formation of the solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) on the hard carbon anode, meaning that further cycling of Na x Fe 2 OS 2 is limited to the 1.36 # x # 0.47 composition range.
Current understanding of sodium-storage behaviour in hard carbons attributes capacity to filling of graphitic interlayers and pores, and adsorption at defects, although there is still considerable debate regarding the voltages at which these mechanisms occur.
Although the heavy framework of NASICON compound decreased the gravimetric energy density of the full-cell, Na 3 Co 0.5 Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 can be considered as a promising electrode material for potentially application in the large-scale stationary batteries.
Such addition not only enhanced conductive features of the SIB anode, but also ensured high capacity storage parameters (capacity retainability of 1,249.7 mAh g -1 at 173.26 mA g -1 @ 150 cycles and rate performance of about 656.9 mAh g -1 at 3.462 A g -1 ) .
O3-type layered oxide cathode materials show great potential for commercial applications due to their high reversible capacity, moderate operating voltage and easy synthesis, while allowing direct matching of the negative electrode to assemble a full battery.
Spinel lithium titanate (LTO; Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 ) attracts much attention as a negative electrode material for a sodium-ion battery (SIB), while large volume changes in Na-insertion and extraction processes prevent practical applications of LTO-based electrodes.
As a comparison, Na1 transiently transforms into a monoclinic O1 phase after the removal of 0.11 mol Na + , followed by a subsequent transition to the P3 phase as 0.13 mol Na + is removed, the trend of the following phase transition is consistent with Na0.55.
The stable cycling of high mass-loading sodium-ion battery cells is here made possible by addition of prop-1-ene-1,3-sultone (PES) to a non-flammable and fluorine-free electrolyte solution of sodium bis(oxalato)borate (NaBOB) salt in triethyl phosphate (TEP).
The advanced Fe 7 S 8 /FeS 2 / NCNT heterostructure design and in-depth investigation on the origin of the superior electrochemical performances in etherbased electrolyte have paved the way for the development of TMS-based electrodes in sodium storage system.
Indeed, mainly the compositions P3-Na 1/2 MO 2 and P2-Na 2/3 MO 2 are commonly reported, and induce, considering practical full cells without sodium reservoir, a capacity loss of 50 and 33 %, respectively, in comparison with stoichiometric O3-type Na 1 MO 2 .
Kết quả quét thế vòng tuần hoàn và tổng trở điện hóa đều cho thấy lớp SEI đã hình thành trong giai đoạn phóng của chu kì đầu tiên và sự hình thành SEI này là nguyên nhân dẫn đến hiệu suất phóng sạc chu kì đầu của hard carbon khá thấp so với vật liệu graphite.
These examples demonstrate that constructing cavities to accommodate the volume expansion of sodium ions and increasing the external surface area of the material to facilitate the contact of sodium ions with the carbon material is a better way to store Na + .
In the case of ion-conducting solids such as the NASICONtype materials, the conductivity (σ) is governed by the relation σ = cμq, where c is the density of charge carriers, μ is the mobility of the charge carriers, and q is the charge carried by each carrier.
Consequently, the obtained P2-type Na 0.67 Mn 0.011 [Mg 0.1 □ 0.07 Mn 0.83 ] O 2 demonstrates significantly improved capacity (155.1 mAh g -1 at 14 mA g -1 ) and cyclability (87.5% capacity retention after 200 cycles at 140 mA g -1 ) over the un-doped sample.
This full symmetric cell will greatly contribute to the development of room-temperature sodium-ion batteries towards safety, low cost, long life, and will stimulate further research on symmetric cells using the same active materials as both cathode and anode.
This indicates not only a kinetically homogenous process occurring in this voltage range, but also suggests that P3 is closely related to the sodium reduction, that is potentially the electron transfer through the carbon to reduce the preadsorbed sodium ions.
Long-term cyclability is crucial but challenging for rechargeable SIBs, due to the difficulty in the insertion/extraction of the large sodium ions within the host, as well as the side reactions between the electrode and the electrolyte upon long-term cycling.
DHCE-PhCF 3 appropriately decouples the local and global electrolyte structures, thus enabling fast Na + transport kinetics and a robust interphase spontaneously, which leads to excellent cycling stability of the HC anode and CNFM cathode in Na-ion batteries.
By calculating the peak area ratio of the D band at 1350 cm -1 and the G band at 1570 cm -1 in the Raman spectra of the HC samples (Fig. 1d andS3, SI), it is evident that the AD/AG ratio increases in the phosphated anodes compared to the original hard carbon.
In summary, coupling iron-based fluoride nanoparticles with conductive carbon materials can effectively improve electrical conductivity, alleviate volume expansion and particle agglomeration, and enhance the overall electrochemical properties of SIB cathodes.
Spherical particles can be obtained by a hydrothermal method by using different hard carbon sources, such as natural biopolymers and synthetic polymers (e.g., glucose 142 , sucrose 143 , phenolic resin 144 ) with good control over the particle size and shape.
The 2 nd cycle shows a high sodium insertion/extraction level during the discharge/charge process, and the obtained capacities during discharge and charge process are 408 and 438 mAh g -1 , respectively, which correspond to a high coulombic efficiency of 93%.
This angle is also similar to that achieved with a molten Na-Sn alloy on bare NaSICON, shown in Fig. 56.' Interestingly, Sn coatings exhibited a slight color change after deposition of the Na drop, seen most clearly in Fig. 3f as a ring of blue around the Na.
Furthermore, the Li 2 CO 3 formation in the inner SEI layer suppressed film dissolution, which is regarded as a typical failure for the SIBs because the cation-binding energy increases with the Li-ion-based SEI component compared with that of Na-ionbased SEI.
Unfortunately, the larger ionic radius of Na limits the reversibility of cycling because of the extensive atomic rearrangements that accompany Na-ion insertion, which in turn limit diffusion and charging speed, and lead to rapid degradation of the electrodes.
However, the cycling performance of the cathode was rather poor and the theoretical energy density was only 144 W h kg À1 , compared to 480 W h kg À1 in Li-TiS 2 systems. 132 In the 1970-80s, several reviews on electrode materials for SIB had already reported.
For example, a promising NaSICON type Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 electrolyte sinters at 1,250 °C, whereas the corresponding NaSICON type Na 3 V 2 PO 12 cathode decomposes at temperatures higher than 900 °C, posing a bottleneck (Lalère et al., 2014;Lan et al., 2019).
We found E a for sodium insertion at 53-54 and 55-59 kJ mol -1 for the slope and plateau regions, respectively, and for lithium insertion at 56-62 and 56-64 kJ mol -1 , respectively, consistent with the E a obtained from the s of the chronocoulogram (Fig. 5d).
Therefore, the exploration of sodium storage electrode materials with abundant resources, economic and environmental protection and Highlights in Science, Engineering and Technology Volume 121 excellent electrochemical properties has become a research hotspot.
Given that the Na + crystallographic sites are different between P2, O2, O3, and P3 structures (Fig. 1), 11,40,41 we believe that pillars are more appropriate to be applied to P2-type cathodes rather than O3-type ones, and the detailed reasons are given below.
The XRD pattern was refined based on the O3-type layered structure with hexagonal symmetry and R-3m space group, which yield a sufficiently small value of R wp = 7.05 %, indicating a good consistency between the calculated pattern and the experimental pattern.
Beginning with NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (N1TP) having a rhombohedral structure, stabilizing Ti in a 4+ oxidation state and gives two sodium ion reactions at a stable redox voltage of 2.1 V with a theoretical capacity of 132.8 mAh/g in a potential window of 1.0-3.0 V .
As a typical NASICON-structured electrode, Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 shows excellent stability when tested using its high redox potential (V 4+/3+ ); however, low cyclic stability has been widely reported when V 4+/3+ and V 2+/3+ are both used in the symmetric cells.
NGS900 (pure graphitic shells): 52%) for lithium ion batteries (LIBs), and impressive long-term cycle performance (1399 mA h g À1 maintained at 3 A g À1 after 500 cycles for LIBs; 214 mA h g À1 maintained at 1 A g À1 after 500 cycles for sodium ion batteries).
Many hard carbon morphologies, from (0D) to (3D) structures, including nanoparticles 138 , spheres 139 , nanosheets 140 , nanofibers 141 , and porous carbon structures 92 , have been reported using different precursors and/or altering the synthesis procedures.
Materials belonging to the O3-type undergo different stages of phase transitions during desodiation, that is, O3-P3-O 0 3-P 0 3. 12 In comparison with this, P2-phase materials undergo fewer phase transitions and only change into the O2phase during desodiation.
The capacity retention vs. cycle number of both electrodes showed a similar behavior with severe capacity fading, but the Sn electrode in the LIB system (27.0%) exhibits slightly higher capacity retention than that of the Sn electrode in the SIB system (2.3%).
Among those batteries, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been attracted significant interest as a promising alternative to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) for merits of natural abundance, environmental benignity and similar intercalation chemistry with lithium 3 .
According to this expression, the activation energy (E a ) has been estimated as 0.31 eV, which is in line with sintered NASICON electrolytes obtained by other processing techniques, including hot-pressing at high temperature , screen printing + hot-pressing .
It has been popular strategies to effectively elevate the oxygen redox activities by Li-doping to introduce unhybridized O 2p orbitals in NaxMnO2-based chemistries or enabling high covalency transition metals in P2-Na0.66MnxTM1-xO2 (TM = Fe, Cu, Ni) materials.
The rate performance of ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 @C, ZnSe 0.8 Te 0.2 @C, and ZnSe 0.5 Te 0.5 @C is better than that of ZnSe@C, which is due to the collective effect of Te atom doping improving conductivity and the twin structure improving sodium ion diffusion dynamics.
The solid electrolyte interface (SEI) forms at the anode of Na-ion batteries, and the cathodeelectrolyte interface (CEI) forms at the cathode of Na-ion batteries (formation cycles) and is critical in maintaining the long-term cycling/lifetime of the full cell.
Recent trends in synthetic methodologies for robust structural design, material selection, and analysis tools focusing on intermediate evolutions during (de)sodiation were highlighted in detail from a capacity-stability aspect for SIB alloying anode materials.
And thus, the current SIBs face severe challenges from low energy density and poor cycling stability since sodium intercalation induces anisotropic volume expansion, which triggers large voltage polarization and insufficient contact with the current collector.
Among various anode materials for SIBs, NTP, as a member of the NASICON family with an open framework and remarkable ionic conductivity, is considered as one of the most promising anode materials for SIBs because of its low cost and high theoretical capacity .
In this study, we synthesized a 2D Prussian blue analogue, nanocrystals of copper hexacyanoferrate (CuHCF), via a facile stepwise route involving a modified copper substrate of Cu(OH)2 nanorods that was used for the formation of two-dimensional CuHCF crystals.
We rather find that measurable porosity in micrometer-sized hard carbons may cause irreversible capacity (especially in LIBs) and that the characterization of this porosity should rather be carried out with CO 2 or H 2 O sorption instead of N 2 or Kr sorption.
It should be noted that, the Nb (0.02, stoichiometric value) substitution enables a relatively high Ni content (0.31, stoichiometric value) in high Na-content P2-type cathode material, thus maintaining the voltage plateaus of Ni 2+ /Ni 3+ /Ni 4+ at 4.15~3.3 V.
Among the various reported anode materials, hard carbon is the most promising one for practical SIBs owing to its balanced performances in terms of moderate specific capacity (~300 mAh g -1 ), low operating potential (~0.2 V), low cost, and long cycle life 3 .
In particular, eldfellite-type NaFe(SO 4 ) 2 (theoretical capacity: 99 mA h g À1 ), which contains a large amount of polyanions relative to Fe, has a theoretical capacity 25% smaller than NASICON-type Na 2 Fe 2 (SO 4 ) 3 (theoretical capacity: 134 mA h g À1 ).
Precipitation patterns spontaneously formed by Mn-Fe-based Prussian blue analogues (Mn-Fe PBAs) in agarose gel were investigated over wide concentration ranges for the outer (0.10 # [Mn 2+ ] # 0.70 M) and inner electrolytes (0.01 # [[Fe(CN) 6 ] 3À ] # 0.35 M).
The obtained materials exhibited good sodium storage performance, delivering a reversible capacity of 151.9 mA h g -1 at a high current density of 5 A g -1 and even maintained a capacity of 287.9 mA h g -1 after 200 cycles at a current density of 100 mA g -1 .
It is assumed that the cost of lithium sources will increase over the next 10 years, and it should be emphasized that Na-ion electrodes have a chemical formula similar to that of lithium metal oxides and the same basic cell construction and working principles.
In this work, we tackle both of the aforementioned challenges by revealing the novel Mn(II/I) redox couple in a new cubicphase manganese hexacyanomanganate (MnHCMn) for anode applications and by innovating a Na-ion organic-aqueous cosolvent electrolyte system.
In this study, a series of hard carbon materials derived from glucose was produced, and the effect of the different hard carbon configuration on the sodium storage mechanism investigated by using TEM, Raman, XPS, SAXS/WAXS, SANS, and gas adsorption techniques.
As shown in Fig. 1a, NASICON-structured phosphates Na 2 MM 0 (PO 4 ) 3 are constructed by the 'lantern-like' units sequenced along the c axis, which are composed by two [ MO 6 ]/[M 0 O 6 ] octahedra and three [PO 4 ] tetrahedra by sharing all their corners 6 .
In our work, the inuence of different types of MXenes, different synthesis routes, morphology, and different electrode compositions on electrochemical stability and longevity for use as an anode material in sodium-ion batteries was systematically investigated.
Graphite, the most current material employed for LIB with a theoretical specific capacity of 372 mAh.g -1 cannot be considered for Na-ion systems, since sodium intercalates very poorly between graphene layers with a specific capacity reaching 35 mAh.g -1 only .
For the first time, pH control driven synthesised ZnMn 2 O 4 nanoparticles embedded in nitrogen doped graphene sheets (ZMO/NG) have been validated as a sodium ion battery anode that exhibits superior electrochemical performance than a pristine ZnMn 2 O 4 anode.
Electron paramagnetic resonance studies of pristine and ballmilled hard carbon samples EPR was used to further study the structural transformations occurring in HC materials during heating and ball-milling treatment to further clarify their sodiation mechanism.
Furthermore, the introduction of aliovalent heteroatoms can increase the Na + ion ratio in the NASICON compounds for charge compensation, which can lead to an improvement in the ionic conductivities owing to the increased concentration of Na + charge carriers .
In contrast, the relatively larger entropy difference (e.g., 0.35 R between CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 ) and active-facet percentage difference (e.g., 16.3% between CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 ) should play a dominant role in the observed improvement on rate capability.
The all-solid-state cell, featuring a composite electrode of spherical hard carbon particles and optimized NZSP-based electrolytes, demonstrated stable charge-discharge performance at room temperature, retaining a capacity of 140-220 mA h g -1 across 80 cycles.
Hard carbon is the candidate anode material for the commercialization of Na-ion batteriesthe batteries that by virtue of being constructed from inexpensive and abundant components open the door for massive scale up of battery-based storage of electrical energy.
Figure 8 shows the schematic picture on the ion exchange between cesium and sodium ions in Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 , under applied voltage. sodium ion easily migrates into cesium-contaminated water, due to the small activation energy for sodium ion-conduction.
Second, the presence of TMs in the tetrahedral sites in the Na layer leads to a contraction of the interlayer spacing upon de-sodiation, which is against conventional materials that experience an expansion instead, but the diffusion of Na-ions was not impacted.
Our results indicate that this low-cost and environmentally friendly Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 )/C nanocomposite could be a competitive candidate material for sodium ion batteries. pyrophosphates, such as Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 P 2 O 7 , came to our attention .
Prussian blue analogues (PBA; A x M[Fe(CN) 6 ] y ) consist of cyano-bridged three-dimensional transition metal network, -M-NC-Fe-CN-M-NC-Fe-CN-M-(A and M are alkali and transition metals, respectively), and alkali cation located in the nanopores of the network.
In this paper, our aim was to synthesize some hard carbon materials that would have the optimal graphitization degree i.e. a optimized surface area, specic interlayer distance, I D /I G value and other properties characteristic of a hard carbon anode material.
All the calculated results for Na 12 B 24 meet the above four conditions for a fully sodium storage phase; therefore, the maximum sodium concentration using a 4 Â 3 borophene supercell corresponds to NaB 2 with a theoretical specic capacity of 1240 mA h g À1 .
To further validate the practical application potential of high-entropy MOFs materials, sodium-ion full cells were assembled with Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 as the cathode material, and sodium-ion capacitors were assembled with activated carbon as the cathode material.
In sodium-ion batteries, it is common to use carbon based anodes, 1 where hard carbon is a promising material. Hard carbon electrodes have operating potentials close to the potential of sodium plating, which can enable a wide operating potential in a full-cell.
For Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C//CoSe 2 @CNTs-MXene full sodium-ion batteries, the cell can provide an initial charge/discharge capacity (Fig. 7d), 401 and 331 mAh g -1 , under the current of 100 mA g -1 , respectively, from 0.5 to 3 V (based on the weight of anode).
To circumvent these issues, we propose a P2-type Na 0.78 Ni 0.31 Mn 0.67 Nb 0.02 O 2 (P2-NaMNNb) cathode active material where the niobium doping enables reduction in the electronic band gap and ionic diffusion energy barrier while favoring the Na-ion mobility.
This is probably because, during the initial charge-discharge cycle, the electrode material may undergo signicant changes during SEI formation, preventing some sodium ions from being smoothly extracted from the structure, thereby reducing coulombic efficiency.
After the first charge and discharge, the contribution of the SEI layer was excluded, and the second discharge capacity of sample 10nm-FAU-ZTC (642mAh•g -1 ) showed that still 8.07 sodium ions could enter and be stored in each supercage during the second cycle.
Our results indicated that most of them possess high theoretical capacity and low sodium ion diffusion barrier. 2H-Phase bulk CrN 2 in particular shows the lowest sodium ion diffusion barrier, revealing the high Na intercalation concentration in layered CrN 2 .
Consequently, the obtained P2-type Na 0.67 Mn 0.011 [Mg 0.1 □ 0.07 Mn 0.83 ]O 2 cathode material demonstrates a significantly improved capacity of 155.1 mAh g -1 at 14 mA g -1 and decent cyclability with 87.5% capacity retention over 200 cycles at 140 mA g -1 .
For instance, an in situ template carbonization method was developed to fabricate a novel hierarchical 3D porous carbon, which shows favorable pseudocapacitive behavior as well as high sodium storage performance in both half and full cells (Wang et al., 2018a).
While assessing sodium storage behaviour, the as-prepared WO 3 exhibited a high sodiation capacity of 431 mA h g -1 at 100 mA g -1 , and excellent rate performance of around 60 mA h g -1 at even 500 mA g -1 with an impressive coulombic efficiency of around 99%.
The most widely used SIB chemistry is based on the hard carbon and layered transition metal oxide system ; therefore, the initially injected electrolyte is decomposed from the limited electrochemical stability window of the typical carbonatebased electrolytes .
Practical challenges are, however, that for a battery material with multiple phase transitions such as Na X Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 and other sodium intercalation compounds, it can be quite challenging to find an appropriate function fit for the chemical free energy.
Motivated by their high theoretical capacities, the low electrochemical potentials needed for the anodic side of the battery, and the high natural abundance of their constituting elements, we explored the potential of these nanomaterials as SIB anode materials.
The powder XRD patterns of sample indicate that the Na 0.95 LNCFM material exhibits a pure and highly crystalline O3-type α-NaFeO 2 structure with R_m3 space group, confirming that entropy regulates solid solution formation by the decrease in Gibbs free energy.
With respect to SIBs, the search for efficient Na-storing anodes is a high priority, because graphite shows low Na-ion capacities of 30-35 mAh g -115 , while other carbonaceous materials have low tap densities and exhibit capacities of less than 300 mAh g -116 .
Although the materials used for the SIB might show different properties than those of LIBs, the battery cell and the pack production process are assumed to be identical, with the final cell assembly and electrolyte filling taking place under dry room conditions.
The resulting series of uorinated carbon materials, referred to as uorinated hard carbons (FHCs), are systematically analyzed for its micro-morphology, pore structure, crystal structure, C-F bond properties, and electrochemical properties as cathode materials.
We design a peculiar family of Na x Mn 0.4 Ni 0.3 Fe 0.15 Li 0.1 Ti 0.05 O 2 (0.55 ≤ x ≤ 1) composition that is thermodynamically stable as an O3-type structure even when R is as high as 1.969, far exceeding 1.62 that normal O3-type structures can reach at most.
The decrease in semicircle for NASICON materials indicate low grain boundary of that materials, since the grain boundary contribution to conductivity determine the ionic diffusivity and fast movement of Li ion mobility from M1 and M2 cavity of NASICON framework.
To assess the commercialization prospects of the phosphated bamboo powder-based hard carbon anode, sodium-ion full cells were assembled with pristine-HC and HC-3 wt% P as anodes and O3-NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 (NNFM) as the cathode for electrochemical testing.
In the production phase, major drivers of environmental impacts (and thus improvement potentials) are the energy demand during cell manufacturing (GHG emissions), the electrolyte salts (resource depletion) and the hard carbon-based anode material (acidication).
A comprehensive description of the electrochemical mechanisms of the Prussian Blue Analogue (PBA) K 1.67 Mn 0.65 Fe 0.35 [Fe(CN) 6 ] 0.92 $0.45H 2 O is obtained by combining several complementary ex situ and operando physico-chemical characterisation techniques.
A novel voltammetric platform based on pencil graphite electrode (PGE) modification has been proposed, containing bimetallic (NiFe) Prussian blue analogue nanopolygons decorated with electro-polymerized glyoxal polymer nanocomposites (p-DPG NCs@NiFe PBA Ns/PGE).
The outstanding electrochemical properties of the hollow amorphous NaFePO 4 nanospheres were attributed to its unique hollow structure, which significantly improved the ionic and electronic transport and the de-intercalation/ intercalation kinetics of Na + ions.
This increase in specific capacity (normalised by the mass of the whole active material, silicon nitride and hard carbon) corresponds to a very high specific capacity of 848 mA h g À1 when normalised by the mass of silicon nitride in the HC-SiN x -0.4 composite.
The interfacial degradation and subsequent particle rupture of the O3-type positive electrode ensue gas evolution and rapid capacity degradation [1,, and thus, the positive electrode-electrolyte interface should be reinforced to improve the cycleability of SIBs.
In consequence, this HEO O3-type cathode exhibits excellent rate performance and keeps highly reversible structure evolution during cycling, delivering a high reversible capacity of 111.4 mAh g -1 at 1600 mA g -1 and retaining capacity of 83.2% after 500 cycles.
In particular, we find that the 5% Mg-doped compound exhibits exceptional electrochemical performance, with a very high rate capability comparable to the highest reported to date on P2-type Na-ion battery cathode materials, 31 and excellent structural stability.
The Prussian blue with a stable structure can tolerate the volume change caused by sodium ion insertion and extraction processes. 35,36 Finally, Fe 3 [CO(CN) 6 ] 2 and its derivative are assembled as a full cell, which exhibits great potential in Na-ion battery.
By refining the volume ratio of two conventional linear ether solvents, a binary electrolyte 172 (1 M NaPF 6 in DEGDME/TEGDME) can form a cation solvation structure that is well-adaptive for highvoltage Na (de)intercalation of P2-/O3-type layered oxide cathodes.
The resulting aqueous sodium-ion full cell, which is made up of an ironsubstituted manganese hexacyanoferrate cathode and an organic anode, yields specific energy of 94 Wh kg -1 at 0.5 A g -1 and 73% discharge capacity retention after 15,000 cycles at 2 A g -1 .
Due to the elemental abundance of titanium, P2-type Na x TiS 2 (P6 3 /mmc space group) synthesized by a high-temperature solid-state method was chosen as the prototype structure for detailed investigation (Supplementary Figs. 123and Supplementary Tables 1 and2).
Consequently, the "house of card" model for Na + storage proposed by Dahn et al. triggered an academic interest in developing Na-ion cells, increasing the number of publications tremendously during the last decade with the availability of suitable anodes 2,4,6 .
Although the exact mechanisms of sodium storage in HCs are still being debated, according to one of the most reasonable sodium storage mechanisms proposed by Stevens and Dahn, 20,21 in the "sloping region" of the charge-discharge profile, where the potential vs.
The tunnel structures 14 and olivine-type structures Herein, we present a positive electrode material with phosphorylbased layered-columnar structure, NaFe[O 3 PCH(OH)CO 2 ], which demonstrates high specific capacity and long cycle life for sodium ion batteries.
Recently, P2-type manganese-based sodium layered cathodes have gained considerable attention as a viable option for grid-scale energy storage due to their high natural abundance, low cost, and high specific capacity from both cationic and anionic redox activity.
However, as all hard carbons in this work were electrochemically tested in an identical manner, the observed differences in electrochemical performance presented in the following section are valid, and a comparative assessment between samples can be established.
This review paper addresses alloy materials in five main sections: Alloy-based Anodes for Sodium-Ion Batteries; Materials Design Strategies; Challenges Associated with Sodium-Ion Batteries; Optimizations of Sodium-Ion Batteries; and Summary and Future Prospects.
Since many carbons have a signicant intrinsic specic capacity when operated in sodium-ion containing electrolytes, we also closely investigate the inuence of normalizing the electrode performance just to the Sb content versus normalization to the Sb + C mass.
It achieved a reversible sodium storage capacity of 75 mA h g -1 at a high rate of 10 A g -1 and maintained a reversible sodium storage capacity of 140 mA h g -1 (with a capacity retention rate close to 100%) aer 200 cycles at a current density of 500 mA g -1 .
These insights, together with a high-throughput first-principles analysis of the compositional space over which NASICONs are expected to be stable, lead to the successful synthesis and electrochemical investigation of several new NASICONs solid-state conductors.
To further investigate the sodium intercalation/deintercalation mechanism into/from the host structure, operando XRD analysis was conducted with the specific Swagelok electrochemical cell in reflection mode during the discharge/charge process as shown in Fig. 7.
The O3-type positive electrode cycled with FEC additive illustrates the thick deposition of electrolyte decomposed products (C=O, C-O) and the subsequent surface shrouding of the positive electrode by surface film, as evidenced by the weak lattice oxygen signal.
Four different hard carbons were synthesized from KOH activated banana stem (KHC), phosphoric acid treated banana stem derived carbons (PHC), corn-cob derived hard carbon (CHC) and potato starch derived hard carbons (SHC) and tested as supercapacitor electrodes.
To further elucidate the reaction kinetics variations in the NVO and KNVO-II cathodes, the diffusion coefficients of Na + (D Na+ ) during the charge/discharge process were explored by the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique,as shown in Fig. 5j (GITT).
All five dopants (Cr 3+ , 40 Mn 2+ , 41 Fe 3+ , 42 Al 3+ , 43 and Mg 2+ (ref. 44)) were intentionally introduced to substitute vanadium at the 12c Wyckoff position, which corresponds to the octahedrally coordinated transition metal site in the NASICON structure.
When applied as anode for sodium ion batteries, ultrathin WS 2 nanosheets exhibit an impressive high-rate capability and good cyclic stability, a reversible capacity of 250 mAh g -1 after the following cycling test of 100 cycles is still achieved at 100 mA g -1 .
This is consistent with the XPS results in Table 1 which show that GC1700 and GC1900 have a lower oxygen content than the lower temperature samples, and hence the contribution from sodium storage on defect sites in the GC1700 and GC1900 samples will be much less.
By comparing the fast-charge capacity retentions under 25˚C and 0˚C, it implies that owing to the curved plateau of hard carbon, the different voltages in the electrodes could reach to a neutralized voltage, which is conducive to ameliorating the lithium plating.
We tested this possibility using the P2-type layered oxide phase, Na 0.67 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 , which can be electrochemically reduced at a potential near 1.5 V to form the P 0 2-Na 1 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 phase that delivers a capacity of B190 mAh g À 1 (ref. 24).
Hu et al. explored a new "zero-strain" anode Na 0.66 [Li 0.22 Ti 0.78 ]O 2 (as shown in Figure 2E) with a P2-layered structure, which is an analog to Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 , as a promising electrode material for room-temperature sodium-ion batteries (Wang et al., 2013).
Density functional theory study discloses that the CoSe 2 @CNTs-MXene in ether electrolyte system contributes to stable sodium storage performance owing to the strong adsorption force from hierarchical structure and weak interaction between electrolyte/electrode.
The diffusivity coefficient of sodium ions (D Na+ ) is calculated, according to an equation of Fick's second law, by: Cyclic voltammetry (CV) curve and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) tests were carried out using a CHI660 electrochemical workstation.
Using monodisperse Sb NCs, we recently reported that 20 nm NCs exhibit higher Li-ion and Na-ion storage capacities and improved cycling stability, especially at higher rates of charge and discharge, than both smaller ,10 nm particles and (sub)micron-sized Sb 53 .
As shown in Fig. 2h, the sodium ions diffusion coefficients between 10 -12.2 and 10 -10.6 cm 2 s -1 within the voltage window of 1.5-4.2 V are obtained based on the GITT curves of NaFe[O 3 PCH(OH)CO 2 ] material for the charge and discharge at the 20 cycles (Fig.
Additionally, they used adiponitrile (ADN) to build a hyper-concentrated sodium electrolyte aqueous solution (Na + /H 2 O = 1), which confined nearly all water molecules to the primary solvated shell of Na + and reduced the activity of water molecules (Fig. 3a) .
However, the long-term cycling performance remains poor, with only 77% capacity retention after 50 cycles. 3 Alleviating the strain introduced by these structural transformations is critical to expanding the capacity and extending the lifetime of Na-ion cathodes.
The Sn-P compound prepared under an optimised solvothermal condition shows excellent electrochemical performance as an SIB anode, as evidenced by a high reversible capacity of ~560 mAh g -1 at a current density of 100 mA g -1 and cycling stability for 100 cycles.
Based on promising applications in the design of multifunctional substances, Prussian blue analogues (PBAs), one of the metal-organic frameworks' (FWMs) members, are still being investigated because of their tunable, open structures allowing insertion of species.
In another work, five different SIB and two LIB chemistries were analyzed with an updated dataset adopting a BatPaC model. 7,28 Another study focused on SIB, in particular Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , 29 where 10 different variants of the same cathode were also analyzed.
In this study, the potential advantages of using nanoscale precursor particles for the synthesis of Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 NASICON by solid-state reaction were investigated by direct comparison with macroscale precursors, with all other processing parameters fixed.
Tianshuang et al. recently used ML to predict the discharge performance of hard carbon materials for sodium-ion batteries. 21 Though it was an extensive study, they didn't incorporate pyrolysis temperature and annealing time of the hard carbons as input features.
The final full cell assembled with HC-3 wt% P matched with the cathode exhibited excellent rate performance, with a reversible discharge capacity of 78 mAh g -1 at 10 C, significantly exceeding the performance of recently reported bamboo powder-based hard carbon.
Interestingly, it does not appear that current passes through only the Na metal pathways even when completely shorted, as the plateau voltage in the 5 th -22 nd intervals remains near 1.0 V, which would be expected for nonshorted ionic conduction through NaSICON.
Additionally, in the past 3 years, a small number of highentropy Prussian blue materials have been synthesized and investigated for their electrochemical performance advantages in energy storage systems, such as sodium-ion batteries and lithium-sulfur batteries .
This nding underscores the effectiveness of bond structure engineering in optimizing the structural integrity and phase behavior of TMO 2 slabs, which is crucial for improving the electrochemical performance and longevity of sodium-ion battery cathode materials.
Herein, we report the engineering and synthesis of a novel hybrid architecture composed of MoO 2.0 N 0.5 atomic nanoclusters bonded in nanosheets of N-doped carbon hierarchical hollow microspheres (MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC) as an anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
It was also found that the structure reverts to the pristine Amam space group only when the sodium ion extraction is limited to 2.5 Na per f.u., going beyond this limit resulted in tetragonal I4/mmm discharged phase, and retains it even when discharged to 1.0 V .
Furthermore, we tested the long-term cycle stability of CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 cathode under extreme fast charging/discharging of 10 C (ca. 6 min charge/discharge, 10 C = 1200 mA g -1 , both materials are tested using a Na metal anode in coin cell configuration).
Hence, to better comprehend the Li and Na intercalation mechanism of the NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 anode, we performed galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) experiments during the fourth cycle (see the Experimental section for details, Fig. 5a andb).
The phase transitions in the as-obtained material are investigated by synchrotron in situ powder X-ray diffraction, which shows highly reversible structural transformations between rhombohedral, cubic, and tetragonal structures upon sodium-ion (de)intercalations.
However, aer a high-current-density cycle, the COSDHC900-1 sample returns to a small current of 0.1 A g À1 , and the capacity decreases to some extent (424 mA h g À1 ), which may be caused by the typical characteristics of biomass-derived hard carbon structures.
The reason for this is twofold: Main AP drivers are the hard carbon production, associated with significant SO 2 emissions (see Fig. 1), which is recovered in the hydrometallurgical recycling stage, causing a major share of the recycling benet for the SIB cells.
The frequency (ν CN ) of the CN -stretching mode in [Fe II (CN) 6 ] 4-and [Fe III (CN) 6 ] 3-in Prussian blue analogues (PBA; A x M[Fe(CN) 6 ] y ). lower-lying plateau near 3.5 V, single CN -stretching mode is observed in the range from 2080 cm -1 to 2120 cm -1 .
The former is used for anode current collectors and anode tab (accounted for under cell housing) in the LIB, which is why the SIB (except the NaNMC), able to employ aluminium also for the anode current collectors, show signicantly lower impacts in this category.
The abundant NaF in the SEI membrane facilitates the transport of sodium ions and inhibits electron leakage, thus reducing the risk of sodium metal deposition on the electrode surface at high current densities and improving the safety performance of the battery .
The rst cycle irreversible loss is mainly due to the irreversible formation of Na 2 O and the solid-electrolyte-interface (SEI) which retains the sodium ions and decomposition of electrolyte at lower voltages as ascertained by cyclic voltammetry (CV) in Fig. 3e.
The optimization of the FF parameters of the six-component NaSICON structure Na 1+x+y Sc y Zr 2-y Si x P 3-x O 12 follows a multiple-step process detailed in Section 2 of the ESI. † The FF parameters were optimized using the training system Na 3 -ScZrSiP 2 O 12 .
Among them, the state-of-the-art (SOA) SIB electrolyte, typically made of 1 M NaClO 4 or NaPF 6 dissolved into a blend of cyclic carbonate and linear carbonate (Table S2 †), generally has the highest conductivity, and has potential application at low temperatures.
Chen's group reported a high-entropy NaCu 0.1 Ni 0.3 Fe 0.2 Mn 0.2 Ti 0.2 O 2 cathode material with an O3-type layer-structure with a reversible capacity of 130 mAh g -1 and outstanding long cyclic performance (nearly 71% retention rate after 500 cycles at 0.5 C).
Based on the above discussions, simultaneously increasing the entropy and active facets would be a powerful gateway to enable P2-type layered cathodes with ultrafast charging capability and ultralong cycle life (Fig. 1), which however has not been reported so far.
Hard carbon, defined as a difficult-to-graphitize carbon characterized by disordered graphene-like nanodomains and intrinsic nanoporosity, has established itself as the leading anode choice due to its exceptional structural stability and favorable sodium storage .
Through the introduction of cyano side groups, the crosslinking density of the precursor resin is signicantly increased, promoting the formation of hard carbon micropheres with low specic surface area (SSA), as well as closed-pore structures with smooth surface.
Recently, a typical inorganic-organic composite CSE of Na 3 PS 4 -PEO for all-solid-state SIB was obtained by the solution-phase reaction method with room-temperature ionic conductivity of 9.4 × 10 -5 S cm -1 and electrochemical window of ∼4.5 V (Xu et al., 2020).
These results confirm that the combined effect of CO 2 etching and secondary carbonization at 1500 °C yields a hard carbon structure enriched with C=O and N-5/N-6 functionalities, both of which are crucial for enhancing sodium storage capacity in the slope region.
Hard carbon electrodes were prepared by ball-milling hard carbon with C65 conductive carbon for 20 min, then dispersing the powder in a 1% aqueous solution of carboxymethylcellulose (CMC) to obtain a 81 : 9 : 10 ratio of HC : C65 : CMC, and casted over an Al foil.
The electrochemical activity of NVPF was first explored by Gover et al. against lithium anode and found reversible insertion/extraction of sodium ions during initial charge/discharge followed by the dominant reversible activity of lithium after subsequent cycles .
Consequently, the Nasicon SEbased Na-air cell delivers high energy density due to high redox potential of the carbonate reaction as well as high energy efficiency due to low polarization by operating on the same electrochemical pathway during charge and discharge.
Specically, the SnS/Nb 2 - CT x electrode exhibits its high sodium storage activity by maintaining the maximum capacity of approximately 479.6 mA h g -1 aer 100 cycles, which is higher than that of bare Nb 2 CT x MXene (93.3 mA h g -1 ) and SnS (8.5 mA h g -1 ).
This work (based on our previous works ) is used for explaining the best cathode material, including (1-x-y)NaNi0.7Co0.3O2, xNa2MnO3, yNaCoO2 systems with high initial discharge capacity, grate cyclability, and inexpensive compared to usual NIBs cathode materials.
We used the established modeling framework to assess NIB cells with the active material conguration NaNi 1/3 Co 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 (cathode) vs. hard carbon (anode) and benchmarked the cells against model results obtained for their state-of-the-art LIB analogue, i.e.
Because of its wide temperature region characteristics, the SIB energy storage system can adapt to the conditions of different latitude regions, improve the permeability of distributed power supply, and enhance distribution network operation stability and economy.
On one hand, the larger selenium ions doping expands the diffusion path of sodium ions, and the M-Se bond energy is weaker than M-S, which facilitates the conversion reaction, thus enabling higher specific capacity and better kinetic performance of LESSe than CuS.
During charging Na4Fe3(PO4)2P2O7 to Na4Fe3(PO4)2P2O7 three sodium ions may be extracted, based on the redox reactions of the Fe 2+ /Fe 3+ redox couple. Instead of Fe containing central ion, to obtain higher operation potential Nose et al. investigated Na4Co3(PO4).
Moreover, because sodium ion will not form alloy with aluminum, both positive and negative current collector of NIBs can use cheaper and lighter aluminum instead of copper used in LIBs, which is beneficial from gravimetric cell energy and power density viewpoints.
It is noteworthy that such a high Na content in the P2-type structure has not been reported so far. 57 SEM and TEM images show that the P2-NaNMCM material still exhibits a chunk-like morphology with a smooth surface aer Mg incorporation (Fig. 3b, c andS9, ESI †).
Ceder's group synthesized the three transition metals (O3-type NaNi 1/3 Co 1/3 Fe 1/3 O 2 ) through one step solid state reaction which yielded a high reversible capacity of 165 mAh g -1 at C/20 rate while retaining a specific capacity of 80 mAh g -1 at 30C rate .
Aer 100 cycles, the P/O intergrown Na 0.8 Mn 0.55 Ni 0.25 Fe 0.1 Ti 0.1 O 2 structure exhibited a competitive capacity retention of 80.2% maintaining 110 mA h g À1 (compared to the 2nd cycle), which is much higher than for the pure P2-type material (about 53.8%).
This improvement is tentatively attributed to an enhanced reversibility of sodiation due to suppressed parasitic reactions related to oxygen redox as well as Jahn-Teller distortion of manganese, as seen in Tisubstituted P2-type anionic redox cathode materials 48 .
However, the repulsion effect between the sodium ions slows the kinetics during this stage. 30 In the late plateau, as sodium ions become less positively charged, the repulsion effect is reduced, allowing quasimetallic sodium clustering to occur in the micropores.
At the same time, the appropriate scheme can also improve the sodium deficiency state of the multiphase Mn-based layered oxide, which can increase the energy density and promote the sodium storage ability and commercial value of Mn-based layered TM oxide cathodes.
This work manifests the feasibility of structure controlling and heteroatom doping to enhance the sodium storage ability of carbonaceous anodes, which shed light on the conversion of COFs to various functional materials for efficient energy storage and conversion.
The obtained 3DP-NFPP@C exhibits an excellent sodium storage performance, including an ultrahigh rate capability of 100 C and an extended cycle life surpassing 8000 cycles, attributed to the synergistic effects of the 3D porous architecture and the carbon coating.
As shown in Fig. 3e, a high reversible capacity of 125 mAh g -1 can still be delivered at 2000 mA g -1 , which reveals a superior performance compared to that of the previously reported hard carbon anode materials (Fig. 3f and Table S8) [29, 32-34, 36, 37, 49, 62].
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are being considered as electrochemical energy storage devices for electric vehicles and large-scale stationary applications that could complement LiFePO 4 (LFP)-based lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) (https://www.catl.com/en/news/665.html).
First, the chitosan was activated at 800 °C (3 °C•min -1 ) for 2 h in a CO 2 atmosphere (noted as CH-800), and then CH-800 was placed in an Ar atmosphere and carbonized at x °C (3 °C•min -1 ) for 2 h to obtain a hard carbon closed-pores material, noted as CH-800-x.
Additionally, the mesoporous and highly conductive nature of the C-SiOC bi-layered shell not only provided abundant redox-active sites but also enabled efficient Na-ion transfer, thereby improving the reversible capacity and rate capability of the nanohybrid anode.
The results showed that the degree of crystallinity of cellulose could be improved by neutral hydrothermal pretreatment, which facilitated the formation of closed pores to enhance the sodium-ion storage capacity and regulated the surface defects to improve the ICE.
The sodium ions at Na2 sites have lesser activation energy and actively participate in the smooth de/intercalation via three-dimensional Na2-Na1-Na2 pathways, and the sodium ions at Na1 sites remain intact until all the sodium ions from the Na2 sites are extracted.
The electrolyte and associated interfacial chemistry generated by nano confining complement the understanding of the Na + transport and storage in hard carbons, which would facilitate the design of more practical hard carbons and promote its commercial application.
The goal of this work is not the full optimization of the electrochemical performances and cycle life of TiO 2 as an anode for sodium-ion batteries, but mainly to provide a proofof-concept for the innovative and simple synthesis of TiO 2 @C intercalation materials.
P2-type layered cathodes could be a key enabler for the success of SIBs owing to their advantages of high structural reversibility, low Na + diffusion energy barrier, compositional diversity, acceptable humid stability, high volumetric density, easy synthesis, etc.
Through this work, we aim to demonstrate the potential of lignin-based hard carbon as a sustainable and efficient electrode material for electrochemical capacitors, contributing to the broader effort of developing green technologies for energy storage applications.
To manufacture a thin and strong solid electrolyte, highstrength polymers, such as epoxy-resin, were inserted into the pores of sintered NASICON ceramics, and the possibility of increasing the strength while maintaining the electrochemical properties was confirmed.
In order to further investigate the differences in the sodium storage properties caused by different contents of macropores, galvanostatic charge-discharge measurements characteristic with the final constant voltage step at a current density of C/20 were performed.
Currently, available polyanionic oxides mainly contain phosphates (NaFePO4 and Na3V2(PO4)3), pyrophosphates (Na2MP2O7 and Na4M3(PO4)2P2O7), fluorophosphates (Na2MPO4F, Na3(VOx)2(PO4)2F3-2x) (M stands for Fe, Co, Mn), and sulfates (Na2Fe2(SO4)3, Na2Fe(SO4)2• 2H2O) .
The resulting SnSb yolk nanoparticles, encapsulated within a multi-functional C-SiOC bi-layered shell, facilitate rapid Na-ion transport and provide effective volume buffering during cycling for efficient electrochemical reactions and enhanced structural integrity.
These ndings provide a general strategy for preparing highperformance Na-ion battery anodes, and we believe that the mesostructured design and synergic enhancement mechanism will nd broad applications for engineering many other emerging energy-storage composites.
At a current density of 0.1 C, the assembled sodium-ion full cell demonstrates a specific capacity of 150 mAh g -1 (1 C=100 mA g -1 ), and even under a higher current density of 20 C, the sodium-ion full cell exhibits a reversible specific capacity of 71 mAh g -1 .
A series of full Na-ion cells were assembled using carbon negative electrodes and composite positive electrodes made of P2-Na 0.67 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 (cell D1), P 0 2-Na 1 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 (cell D2) and P 0 2-Na 1 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 þ 10 wt.% Na 3 P (cell D3).
The deep learning model developed in this study offers a powerful tool for predicting and optimizing the performance of ion-doped NASICON materials, paving the way for the development of more efficient and reliable solid-state batteries. methodology, visualization.
In addition to improving the sodium storage performance from the perspective of material synthesis, it was also found that different electrolytes can greatly affect the structural transformation and electrochemical performance of FeS 2 -based anodes during cycling.
An expansion of the interlayer spacing in the hard carbon could favour sodium ion insertion, 37 however here we find that the samples containing silicon nitride/oxycarbide exhibit the same d 002 interlayer distance as hard carbon produced under the same conditions.
This is further confirmed by powder X-ray diffraction analysis, which shows, for all samples, patterns typical for hard carbon materials, namely two broad reflections at 251 2 theta as well as at 441 2 theta, corresponding to and lattices, respectively (Fig. 1(e)).
In particular, the crystallinity of cellulose was selectively regulated by neutral (pure water) hydrothermal pretreatment, and the microstructure and the closed pore structure in derived HC were adjusted, which is conducive to enhancing sodium-ion storage capacity.
This study provides a theoretical and technological foundation for understanding the interfacial and structural stability of various metal sulde anode materials for long-term operation, offering a signicant contribution to the eld of sodium-ion battery research.
For example, LHCE composed of NaFSI/DME/1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethyl-2,2,3,3tetrafluoropropyl ether (TTE) (molar ratio of 1.0:1.2:1.0) minimizes TM dissolution when used in O3-type cathodes, promotes the formation of a stable interphase and enhances cycling stability .
Signicantly, PHC-0.2 possesses a higher reversible capacity, corresponding to an ultrahigh ICE of 92%, which is better than those reported in most previous literature, and the ICE of hard carbon anodes in SIBs hardly exceeds 90% in ester electrolytes (Table S4 †).
As shown in Fig. 7b, the output voltage range of the FeS 2 QD/MXene// NVP SIB could be determined by the charge/discharge profiles of normalized capacity, and the range of working voltages were finally set as 1.5 ~ 3.8 V to ensure stable operation of the full cell.
Most importantly, the NASICON structure can provides faster channels for the insertion/extraction of Na-ions, making Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 has relatively higher ionic conductivity than many other polyanionic compounds (Nanjundaswamy et al., 1996;Song et al., 2014a,b).
In this study, three hard carbon materials (HCs) are prepared through direct pyrolysis of saccharides with different degrees of polymerization (glucose, sucrose, and starch) and then subjected to uorination by direct gas uorination method at various temperatures.
In addition, the electrochemical stability of electrolytes used in this work was examined in Supplementary Fig. 12, which indicated that no significant oxidative reaction was observed up to 4.5 V 37,38 , ensuring their suitable application in Na-ion full batteries.
Several researches on sodium-ion polymer electrolytes have been reported, such as poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO) and polyvinyl alcohol (PVA)-based polymer-salt complexes comprising NaPF 6 , NaClO 4 , NaTFSI, NaFSI, NaTf, Na 2 SO 4 , NaCF 3 SO 3 and NaPO 3 sodium salts .
Only 6b-18e hops were calculated with NEB, as most diffusion in NaSICON structures propagates through 6b-18e-6b channels with 18e-18e hops expected to be < 1.5% of all hops. 46 In Figure 8c-e, three single-cation hops with different local environments are presented.
In order to better understand the difference in sodium storage performance between N-CFs-700 and PN-CFs-700, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) was performed to analyze the kinetic characteristics of N-CFs-700 and PN-CFs-700 in the electrochemical process.
This implies better stability, as well as richer active sites for sodium ion storage and redox reactions, and shorter distances for electrical transport and ion diffusion. 23 In addition, compounding is also an effective strategy to solve the bulk expansion problem.
The self-standing electrodes displayed promising electrochemical properties in terms of a high specic capacity, high rate capability and long cycling life and revealed great potential for practical applications in a exible SIB with high energy and power densities.
Some non-carbonaceous materials may be used as anodes such as phosphorus and phosphides , Sn oxides and sulphides , and MXenes , but Hard Carbon (HC) is still considered the conventional choice in replacement of graphite to accommodate sodium ions at low potential .
When designing the anode materials of SIBs, the defects of two dimensions are introduced at the same time, which will overcome their shortcomings from different aspects, and finally realize the comprehensive and significant improvement of sodium storage performance.
Here, we report a mesostructured nitrogen-doped CoNiSe 2 as a high-performance sodium-ion battery anode derived from room-temperature-synthesized CoNi-metal organic frameworks, and in-depth insight into the synergistic effect during charge-discharge is demonstrated.
And at the same uorination temperature, the higher the polymerization degree of the carbon source, the more severe the fracture of the generated uorinated hard carbon, indicating that the increase in polymerization degree makes the hard carbon easier to uorinate.
The testing cell contains the working electrode, sodium metal as the counter and reference electrode, glass fibre membrane (GF/D, Whatman) as the separator and 1 M NaClO 4 in a mixture of ethylene carbonate and propylene carbonate (2:1 by volume) as the electrolyte.
The evaluation of sodium storage performances for half-cells was conducted on Solartron Analytical (Ametek; cyclic voltammetry, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy), Arbin battery cycler (BT2000; galvanostatic charge/discharge cycling and rate performance tests).
Furthermore, the NASICON structure has demonstrated its versatility in accommodating an array of polyanion groups such as AsO 3- 4 , SO 2- 4 , and SeO 2- , albeit the exploration of compounds featuring these polyanions has not been as extensive as in the Si system .
A measurement of the empty cell with everything in it except the hard carbon was collected and used to subtract the scattering from all the components that were not of interest from each prole during the normalisation of the data to obtain absolute intensity units.
It is evident that aer treatment with Zn 2 (-OH) 2 CO 3 , the plateau capacity and proportion of prepared hard carbon are signicantly increased, which can be attributed to the improvement of interlayer order and the increase of closed pores inside the hard carbon.
Overall, this work provides new insight into heteroatom-doping and anion vacancy doubledefective Mn-O-F ultrane nanowires anode to improve the Li/Na-ion storage and will have a signicant impact on the development of advanced electrochemical energy storage devices.
This work demonstrates that the synergistic effect of pore-structure engineering and thermal regulation effectively enhances sodiumion storage in hard carbons, providing a theoretical foundation for scalable fabrication of high-performance sodium-ion battery anodes.
Among them, hard carbon (also known as non-graphitized carbon) has been studied extensively due to its safety, economic feasibility, and ability to deliver high capacity with good stability (Zhang et al., 2018;Dou et al., 2019;Zhang et al., 2019;Zhang et al., 2020).
Sol-gel method is able to achieve atomic mixing between transition metals and requires relatively little initial cost, but suffers from expensive precursors, multiple intermediate drying steps, and offers very little control over particle morphology in Na-ion LTMOs.
Song et al. 26 prepared SnSe/ NC hollow nanospheres as SIB anodes with superior performance with 77.05% capacity retention (120.50 mA h g -1 ) aer 900 cycles at 1 A g -1 and good rate capability, maintaining 285.69 mA h g -1 at 100 mA h g -1 aer high-rate testing.
Although sodium ions have similar chemical properties to lithium ions, graphite and sodium cannot form thermodynamically stable compounds in traditional ester-based electrolytes, leading to the fact that commercial graphite anodes cannot be used as anodes for SIBs .
The ionic conduction of sodium ions between the unique sites follows the classical diffusion model, where the sodium ion conducts by hopping from one position in the lattice to another via interconnected diffusion pathways within the crystal's structural framework .
Among the numerous identified electrode materials, a series of phosphates with a sodium super-ionic conductor (NASICON) structure are particularly attractive considering that their stable crystallographic structure could enable long-term cycling and improved safety.
Conversely, the Maricite phase, depicted in Fig. 4(b), features two pathways, but both exhibit high migration energies, rendering the phase electrochemically inactive as the Maricite phase lacks interconnected sodium-ion sites, effectively preventing sodium hopping.
Environments are denoted as sublattices 1 and 2, where N 1 and N 2 , respectively, represent the total number of sodium ions occupying the interlayers and sodium atoms occupying the nanopores, and N = N 1 + N 2 , where N represents the total number of occupied sites.
Together, these results establish a direct link between precursor heteroatom chemistry, closed-pore architecture, and sodium-storage capacity, highlighting the critical role of precursor selection in optimizing carbon anodes for high-performance sodium-ion batteries.
As the rate increases and the cells age, and the ability to extract the sodium from the lower voltage plateau on the hard carbon is likely reduced, partially due to the increase in the internal charge transfer resistance from the interface layer resistance (Fig. 4b).
His research focuses on advanced materials for electrochemical energy storage and conversion, including all-solid-state batteries, lithium-ion batteries, and sodium-ion batteries. dielectric constant and high sodium salt solubility to ensure a high Na + conductivity.
In the past decade, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a promising alternative to lithium-ion batteries, with which they share similar physicochemical properties, for large-scale electricity storage applications due to their abundant resources and low cost .
While NaF on its own is a highly resistive material that may inhibit the CEI, the coated electrode displayed enhanced sodium diffusion kinetics, suggesting upon cycling discrete crystallites that allow the passage of sodium ions forms instead of a consistent NaF lm.
Porous structures offer , 482 mAh g -1 Self-assembled MoTe 2 /C Calcination 250 mA g -1 , 580 mAh g -1 Sn/C Self-template 100 mA g -1 lots of fast sodium ion channels and sodium storage sites, often in conjunction with other structures to improve battery performance.
In the sloping region, the possible storage sites for the adsorption of Na + ions are the hard carbon surface, defect sites, and edges of graphite-like domains or heteroatoms, whereas in the plateau region, intercalation into the graphitic layers takes place 92,116 .
XRD patterns of the formed NASICON-type structures are practically the same, which shows that the influence of the SiO 2 on the electrochemical activity of the material has a different nature and is not connected to the crystallographic structure of the active phase.
O3-NaCoO 2 在2.5~4.0 V的电压区间内可提供140 mAh g -1 的比容量, 但它在充放电过程中伴随复杂的多 重相变, 循环稳定性差 . 单斜的O′3-NaNiO 2 在 2.0~4.5 V区间可逆比容量可达147 mAh g -1 , 但其库伦 效率较低, 且容量衰减迅速(图3a) . 原位XRD结果证 明NaNiO 2 在循环过程中的相变是不可逆的(图3b) . 密度和循环稳定性(图3c) . 通过体相掺杂可以进一 步提高材料的电化学性能. 例如, Ma等 通过固相法 合成了Sb掺杂的O3-NaCrO .
This work closes this gap presenting a prospective life cycle assessment for the production of a sodium-ion battery with a layered transition metal oxide as a positive electrode material and hard carbon as a negative electrode material on the battery component level.
The improved ini-tial Coulombic efficiency can be directly related to its enhanced electronic conductivity, enlarged interlayer spacing and lower sodiated energy barriers stimulated by OVs, leading to more reversible trapping of sodium ion inside the TiO2(B) lattice.
These ether-based electrolyte systems should be widely explored for various SIB alloying anodes along with recent approaches using binder-free and anodeless configurations and shifting towards solid electrolytes with potential to direct the future of alloying anodes.
Ex situ TEM and ex situ XPS analyses were performed at different sodiation/desodiation stages to acquire a thorough comprehension of the structure evolution and electrochemical mechanism of sodium ion storage in the Bi 2 Te 3 /rGO electrode, as illustrated in Fig. 5.
The incorporation of the LiPF 6 salt in the SIB electrolyte reinforced considerably both the interfaces of the positive and negative electrodes owing to the respective robust SEI and pillar formation at the surfaces of the hard carbon and O3-type positive electrodes.
With the help of a series of scan-rate-dependent CV, GITT, in situ XRD, and ex situ solid-state NMR measurements, it is well demonstrated that the designed ultra-micropores provide the extra sodium-ion storage sites, which mainly contributes to the enhanced capacity.
Although we have discussed the thermodynamic implications of Ca 2+ insertion/extraction, activating the diffusion of Ca 2+ in the solid state is non-trivial, 44,45 so we also investigated Ca 2+ diffusion in NaSICON phases using Nudged Elastic Band (NEB) calculations.
Raman spectroscopy helps to understand the chemical binding motifs and the carbonization/graphitization degree of carbonaceous materials. 39 Raman spectra of PS-HCs and blank HC (Fig. 1(f)) contain a D-and a G-band, which are characteristic for hard carbon materials.
To monitor the structural evolution during synthesis of a phase pure P2-type sodium manganese layered oxide, Mn 3/4 Ni 1/4 (OH) 2 precursor was mixed with NaOH solution to result in a sodium to metal ratio of Φ = Na/M = 2/3 and was calcined at different temperatures.
To investigate their electrochemical performance in NIBs, the three conjugated carboxylate compounds were used as anode active materials with sodium metal as the counter electrode and 1.0 M NaClO4 in ethylene carbonate (EC)/diethyl carbonate (DEC) as the electrolyte.
Not only Na 3.12 Fe 2.44 (P 2 O 7 ) 2 but the majority of cathode materials for Na-ion batteries display lower energy densities when compared to those used in Li-ion batteries; thus, an improvement in energy density is vital for commercialization of Na-ion batteries.
Other metal oxides reported to have a conversion reaction with sodium and to show a signicant capacity include Co 3 O 4 , 236,237 NiO, 238 Mn 3 O 4 , 222 and FeWO 4 . 236 Nonetheless, several obstacles for such conversion-type oxides in sodium storage still persist.
In summary, a novel, symmetric sodium-ion battery delivers a maximum 96 Wh kg -1 based on the massed of cathode and anode materials at a 0.2C rate, as well as performing an exceeding 75% capacity retention over a hundred and fifty cycles at a 1C chargedischarge rate.
Mu et al. synthesized and studied the Na storage performance of O3-Na0.9[Fe0.30Mn0.48Cu0.22]O2, which provided a reversible capacity of about 100 mAh g -1 between the voltage range of 2.5-4.1 V and showed a good cycle stability with an average voltage of about 3.2 V.
As has been discussed extensively, the development and implementation of Na-ion batteries is largely hindered by the structural transformations that accompany Na-ion (de)insertion and diffusion, as these often lead to electrode degradation and poor cycling lifetimes.
Some examples of feedstocks used for Na-ion batteries include sugar and various plants, peels and shells such as apple wastes , banana peel , peanut shell , and different other biowaste sources demonstrating better performances with respect to standard synthetic HCs.
In this study, the composite electrolyte system incorporates NASICON (Sodium Super Ionic Conductor) and PEO (Polyethylene Oxide) due to their complementary and unique properties, which make them highly suitable for enhancing the performance of solid-state batteries .
Because of the fast development of portable electronic devices and hybrid electric vehicles, lithium ion batteries (LIBs) and sodium ion batteries (NIBs) with high energy/power density, good cycling performance, and lack of memory effects are in ever-increasing need.
Currently, research has been conducted on the uorinated carbon cathode materials utilizing nanostructured carbon and hard carbon as the carbon source. Ahmad et al. 10 synthesized uorinated carbon nanodiscs which exhibited a high specic capacity of 1180 mA h g -1 .
Likewise, the doping cations can work as functional pillar ions to broaden the sodium ion diffusion channels and mitigate the structural distortion and internal stress of the regulated cathode materials with highly reversible phase transition during repeated cycling.
This performance is believed to be closest to the requirements for practical devices. 171 Nitrogen-doped porous carbons were also reported for use as anodes for sodium-ion batteries. They were able to achieve capacities of $300 mA h g À1 and long cycling performances.
This distinct contrast between the first-cycle activation behavior and subsequent stable profiles highlights the effective completion of SEI formation during initial sodiation, followed by highly reversible sodium storage mechanisms in the stabilized electrode system.
Sodium metal foils were used as the negative electrodes, the glass filter papers (Advantec Co., GA-100) were used as a separator, and the solution of 1 M NaPF 6 in a mixture of ethylene carbonate (EC) and diethyl carbonate (DEC) (1:1, v/v) was used as the electrolyte.
PBAs WITH 3D Na + DIFFUSION PATHWAYS Low-cost Na-hosting Prussian blue analogs usually possess the general structural formula of Na x M 2 [M 1 (CN) 6 ] y •nH 2 O (0 ≤ x ≤ 2, 0 ≤ y ≤ 1), where M 1 and M 2 are transition metal such us Mn, Fe, Co, etc. (Li et al., 2015).
However, TiO 2 has inherent defects, such as inferior electrical conductivity (10 -12 S cm -1 ) as well as narrow ionic channels that cannot support rapid transfer of sodium ions , resulting in low specific capacity and serious capacity loss at high current densities.
In full-cell configuration with hard carbon, this system delivered a capacity of 313 mAh g -1 (based on the anode), with an energy density of 195 Wh kg -1 and energy conversion efficiency above 85%, demonstrating both high power and stability under ambient conditions.
As the volume of silicon tetrachloride increases, the BET surface area does not change significantly for the silicon nitride composites, while the BET surface area of silicon oxycarbide composites decreases dramatically to half the value exhibited by pure hard carbon.
Beneting from the binder-free preparation method and the unique composite structure, the a-Sb 2 S 3 @-CuSbS 2 electrode show satisfactory sodium storage performance with a high reversible capacity of 506.7 mA h g À1 at a current density of 0.05 A g À1 aer 50 cycles.
A pair of sharp redox peaks in the low potential region below 0.2 V are ascribed to Na + insertion-extraction in the nanopores of the hard carbon. 52,53 The well overlapped CV curves indicate a satisfactory capacity retention of HC-1000 aer the initial capacity loss.
Recently, Shi et al. (Fig. 2 a) reported that the niobium-doped P2-type NaxTMO2 cathode material, Na0.78Ni0.31Mn0.67Nb0.02O2 (P2-NaMNNb), could help reduce the electronic band gap, while solving the risks of Na + immobility caused by the high diffusion energy barrier.
From the images, it can be seen that the original polyhedron shape with uniformly dispersed CoS 2 nanoparticles in carbon matrix was well maintained, again proving the good structural stability of the CoS 2 /C polyhedrons during extended cycles for sodium ion storage.
Among various classes in carbonaceous, hard carbon (HC) is considered a star because it delivers a practical specific capacity of above 250 -350 mAh.g -1 which is comparable to graphite anode in LIBs and exhibits low voltage plateaus and long-term durability [23 -25].
Under anode-limiting operation, SnSb NCs retain Li-ion capacities of 600 mA h g À1 at an average voltage of 3.0 V when paired with a LiCoO 2 cathode, and a Na-ion capacity of 400 mA h g À1 at an average voltage of 2.7 V when paired with a Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 cathode.
The assembly of all coin cells was conducted in an argon-filled glovebox, sodium metal was used as the counter and reference electrode, 1 M NaClO 4 in the mixture of EC/PC (1:1) was used as electrolyte, and glass microfiber filters from Whatman were used as separator.
Since hard carbon (HC) production, especially that of the sugar precursor, shows high environmental impacts in the majority of the assessed categories, different possible HC precursors are screened: starch, cellulose, organic waste and petroleum coke instead of sugar.
In conclusion, we have demonstrated the prediction and synthesis of a novel Cl-doped tetragonal Na 3 PS 4 solid electrolyte, or t-Na 2.9375 PS 3.9375 Cl 0.0625 , and its good cycling performance in a full all-solid-state rechargeable sodium-ion cell at a rate of C/10.
Despite the fact that CO2 gas allows a more detailed characterization of the porosity of hard carbons, the use of this gas is rather limited, as shown from the data in Figure 14 compared to the N2 data in Figure 13. adsorption isotherms, as illustrated in Figure 15.a.
Current efforts to prepare Na-ion batteries using Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 or layered P2-Na x (M/M 0 )O 2 (with M, M 0 ¼ Ni, Co, Cr, V) as the cathode materials and hard carbon as the anode material focus on competing with Li-ion battery systems in terms of performance.
An outstanding feature of NaSICONs with the general formula NaM 2 (AO 4 ) 3 is the ability of accommodating a wide range of M and A cations in the structural framework, 49 making multi-element substitution a feasible strategy for enhancing the performance of NaSICONs.
However, the reversible capacity of Na-ions is limited because Na possesses a large ionic radius and has a higher standard electrode potential than that of Li, making it challenging to obtain electrode materials that are capable of storing large quantities of Na-ions.
In summary, the structural and electrical properties of sodium super ionic conductor (NASICON) based phosphate glasses having the chemical formula Na 2.8 Ca 0.1 Al 2 P 3 O 12 (NCAP) were evaluated thoroughly using Raman, MAS-NMR, and impedance spectroscopy techniques.
Reproduced with permission. 54 Copyright 2019, Wiley. (f) Na-ion diffusion coefficients calculated from the galvanostatic intermittent titration (GITT) technique curve of the HC electrode. (g) Schematic illustration of the mechanisms for Na-ion storage in hard carbon.
A similar tensile stress was also observed during electrolyte-wetting of hard carbon electrodes being developed as anodes for SIB cells. 13 The observed stress can be attributed to the complex interaction between electrode pores and electrolyte due to surface tension.
These peaks correspond to the conversion reactions between antimony oxide and sodium ions. In contrast, the PS-MrGO/Na x Sb 2 O 3 electrode does not show distinct reduction peaks during the rst cycle and displays broader peaks compared to the MrGO/Sb 2 O 3 electrode.
The material exhibits promising electrochemical performance, with an initial discharge capacity of 124 mAh/g at 0.1 C, good rate capability up to 5 C, and 70% capacity retention after 400 cycles at 2 C, highlighting its potential as a stable and efficient SIB cathode.
All P/O biphasic composites (Na 0.8 Mn y Ni 0.8Ày Fe 0.1 Ti 0.1 O 2 , y ¼ 0.6, 0.55, 0.5, 0.45), P2-type Na 0.67 Mn 0.55 Ni 0.25 Fe 0.1 Ti 0.1 O 2, and O3-type NaMn 0.55 Ni 0.25 Fe 0.1 Ti 0.1 O 2 materials in this study were prepared using a simple solid-state method.
In order to optimize the performance of an SIB electrolyte, it is essential to consider not only its high conductivity and high sodium ion mobility number but also its thermal stability, economic efficiency, furthermore of the solid electrolyte interface's durability.
We discuss different polyanionic frameworks, such as ortho-phosphates, fluoro-phosphates, pyro-phosphates, mix pyro-phosphates, and NASICON-based phosphates, highlighting their unique structural characteristics and ability to perform well across a wide potential range.
The assembly process of the pouch full battery was as follows: the free-standing K 0.147 Na 4.853 V 12 O 32 -rGO (KNVO-II) membrane (seven layers) and the hard carbon electrode were cut into rectangular shapes of a certain size (30 mm×35 mm, nominal capacity:15.2 mAh).
In contrast, the bare CoSe 2 hollow microspheres with a large crystallite size and no carbon layer did not accommodate the large volume change during the repeated Na-ion insertion process that consequently resulted in structural destruction and drastic capacity fading.
It was proposed that the capacity decrease between 1500-1900 °C results from a decreasing interlayer carbon spacing d (shown in Table 4), inhibiting sodium diffusion at high T synth . 14 It is therefore informative to characterise the hard carbons at slower cycle rate.
The resulting hard carbons exhibited a variety of textures and structures, all furthermore showing different electrode architectures with different degrees of surface functionality and defects, porosity and distinct electrochemical behaviour and Coulombic efficiencies.
It was revealed that both P-and B-doping produce a more defect laden hard carbon with defects breaking up their graphene-like intermediate-range atomic order, and significantly enlarge Na storage capacity in the first sodiation sloping region of the potential profiles.
While LiPF 6 reinforced the interface and subsequently improved cycleability, the addition of LiODFB in the electrolyte was not beneficial because a thick SEI was deposited on the surface of the hard carbon electrode following the vigorous decomposition of LiODFB (Fig.
A smaller specic surface area is benecial for reducing electrolyte decomposition and improving the initial coulombic efficiency (ICE) of sodium storage. 38 According to the NLDFT method, the pore size distribution of the two samples was obtained, as shown in Fig. 2f.
In this paper, we combine first-principles calculations, experimental synthesis and testing, and natural language-driven text-mined historical data on NASICON ionic conductivity to achieve clear insights into how chemical composition influences the Na-ion conductivity.
NaSICON Preparation NaSICON (Na3Zr2Si2P012) precursor powder was synthesized by combining zirconium (IV) silicate (ZrSiO4, Sigma Aldrich, -325 mesh) and sodium phosphate tribasic dodecahydrate (Na3PO4. 12 H20, Sigma Aldrich, 98 %) in, respectively, a 2 : 1 molar ratio.
Therefore, possible anode candidates are focused on hard carbons, which are capable of storing Na + ions due to their larger spacing between pseudographitic layers, as well as reversible adsorption of ions in their pores, defects, and functional groups on the surface .
Based on the above analysis, the reversible electrochemical reaction of sodium insertion and extraction in the cathode material can be depicted as: As a high-performance anode material, rugby ball-shaped NTP was synthesized by a one-step solvothermal reaction on CNTFs.
The tabulated mass balance of a single 18 650 battery cell and further details of the modelling approach can be found in the ESI. † The environmental impacts calculated for the production of the described SIB are given in Fig. 3 and discussed in the following sections.
The obtained HC anode materials manifested high capacity, strong rate performance, and long-term stability for sodium-ion batteries as indicated by the capacity of 333 mA h g -1 at 0.1 C and 285 mA h g -1 at 2 C, and capacity retention of 92.9% after 200 cycles at 1 C.
In a Na-ion system, the capacities of the non-pillared and pillared Mo 2 TiC 2 MXene were up to a third lower than for the Liion system, which could be explained by the charge storage relying on Na + intercalation and capacitance, with no conversion reaction occurring.
Diverse formulations and materials choices in alloying SIB anodes have further been diversified with nanostructuring, doping, vacancy creation, alloying, and compositing with multicomponents, enhancing possibilities and prospects for high-stability electrode materials.
It is also equally important to tune the degree of sodiation in cathodes to be used in NIBs, especially in the case of 'sodium deficient' P2-type layered oxide electrodes of formula Na 2/3 MO 2 (M ¼ Mn, Fe, Co...) 10,16 , which only contain B0.67 Na þ per formula unit.
Based on the assumption, that every measured electron corresponds to the (de)intercalation of one sodium-ion (no side reactions), the sodium stoichiometry can be calculated for each step based on the measured charge and the mass of the active material in the electrode.
Based on the observed differences in surface morphology, it can be speculated that compared to pristine hard carbon, the phosphorized hard carbon anode can mitigate side reactions of the electrolyte and suppress its continuous degradation, thereby forming a thinner SEI.
In addition, the constant current intermittent titration (GITT) test was carried out under the conditions of voltage range of 2.5-4.3 V and constant current density of 0.5 C to calculate the sodium ion diffusion coefficient of NVPF/C and N0.92K0.08VPF/C (Figure 5c and .
Layered sodium transition-metal oxides, NaMO 2 (where M = Mn, Fe, Co, Ni, etc.), represent a promising class of materials for Na-ion battery cathodes due to their higher theoretical volumetric and gravimetric energy densities compared with other cathode candidates (e.g.
As for the morphology controlling, three-dimensional (3D) porous carbon, twodimensional (2D) carbon sheets, one-dimensional (1D) carbon fibers, and zero-dimensional (0D) carbon have been reported to deliver efficient sodium storage (Zhang et al., 2017;Li et al., 2021a).
Zhao et al. successfully utilized spray drying to synthesize a range of NFPP samples with varying iron defect contents, and observed a reduction in local iron concentration during the material synthesis process, leading to significant suppression of NaFePO4 impurities .
Overall, based on the correlations that can be established between the reversible capacity and different properties of the HC materials, a Na-ion storage mechanism based on "adsorptioninsertion" can be proposed, reinforcing the results obtained in other works 38,41,63 .
Even though manganese oxides including mono, Mn 3 O 4 , Mn 2 O 3 , MnO 2 and their carbon-based composites with different nanostructures have been found technologically important in Li-ion batteries 8 , the use of manganese oxides in Na-ion batteries is rarely reported.
To further deeply the influence of sulfur doping and TiS 2 modification, the sodium-ion diffusion coefficient has been investigated according to a cyclic voltammetry (CV) method, with the basis of the following equation: I p = Δ0.4463zFA(zF/RT) 1/2 ΔC 0 D Na 1/2 v 1/2 .
To investigate the electrochemical properties of HCs samples used as anode materials for SIB applications, galvanostatic cycle tests (GCPL), cyclic voltammetry (CV), galvanostatic intermittent titration (GITT), and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) were used.
Although detailed kinetic analysis of other electrolytes and the role of the SEI property is currently ongoing in our laboratory, these additional results further reinforce our conclusion that sodium insertion into this HC is intrinsically faster than lithium insertion.
They can be slurry cast to assemble Na + anodes, exhibiting an initial discharge capacity of 713.3 mA h g À1 and showing long-term stability with 120.8 mA h g À1 at 500 mA g À1 after 500 cycles, thus outperforming neat hard carbon nanoparticles by an order of magnitude.
In order to find solutions to solve these problems, it's necessary to focus on the Comparing the specific capacity of MnHCF and TiHCF for organic Na-ion batteries, MnHCF exhibits much higher capacity than TiHCF, which due to the different electroactivity of Metal sites.
As the scanning rate increases, the capacitive contribution gradually increases, indicating that the capacity mainly comes from surface sodium storage at high current density, while the slow intercalation speed cannot satisfy the fast electrochemical reaction (Fig. 4d).
In other words, the Ti incorporation in O3-type NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 suppress the multiple phase transformation and decrease of the energy barrier for the two-phase conversion, leading a highly reversible phase transition along with excellent rate and cyclic performance.
Despite this feature, the development of polyanion materials with low-cost and earthabundant elements is necessary and is still an ongoing research challenge. 180 -183 The third category of sodium cathodes is PBAs with the general formula of A x M y [ M ′(CN) 6 ] z n G.
Instead, the Na I resonance is assigned to an average signal resulting from rapid exchange on the NMR timescale of Na + ions between edge-and face-centered interlayer sites in the P2 0 phase (fast Na-ion motion results in coalescence of the resonances from these sites).
Transition metal oxide can be expected to have high specific capacity as anode materials for sodium ion batteries due to their variety of oxidation states, but they have poor rate performance owing to the extremely low intrinsic electrical conductivity of the electrode.
To better understand the origin of the faradaic components, the reactions occurring upon cycling and the causes of capacity degradation, the sodium storage mechanism in rGO cathodes was further studied using in situ Raman spectroscopy and in situ X-ray PDF measurements.
Much effort has been made to address this problem recently, such as surface modification to reduce the contact area of a carbon anode with electrolyte. 38,39 In addition, long-term cycle stability and rate performance of hard carbon for SIBs need to be improved as well.
Based on electrochemistry of the disordered and ordered variants of Na(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2 that are cycled at the same rate (C/50), the O3-P3 transition occurs at compositions of Na0.6(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2 and Na0.5(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2 for the disordered and ordered samples, respectively.
However, this approach concurrently leads to a reduction in initial capacity. 30 The reversible capacity relying solely on cationic redox has reached its theoretical ceiling, which significantly impedes further energy density improvements in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
The protic ionic liquid has been tested in combination with two different types of sodium-ion cathode materials, polyanionic Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 and layered Na 0.67 Mn 0.89 Mg 0.11 O 2 , in order to reveal its impact on the electrode material electrochemical performance.
The sodium battery comprised sodium titanium phosphate (NTP) directly deposited on carbon nanotube cloth as a cathode (NTP@CNT), a metallic sodium anode and 1 M NaPF 6 in diglyme (diethylene glycol dimethyl ether, DEGDME) as the electrolyte with two Celgard® separators.
S4, S5 and S6) evidence that the sodium insertion-transition metal extrusion mechanism found for CuCrS 2 and NiCr 2 S 4 Table 3 Results of long-term stability tests (I = 0.5 A g -1 ): charge capacities after several cycles for Na cells using CS, TCS, and FCS electrodes.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been widely attracting much attention as a possible candidate for the alteration of lithiumion batteries (LIBs). 1,2 Since there are less resource limitations for Na than Li, SIBs are more suitable for large-scale applications than LIBs.
Similar calculations for the sodium-ion battery of the Na 3 V 1.9 Fe 0.1 (PO 4 ) 3 /CoGe 2 P 0.1 system with a nominal capacity of 2 mA h showed that the NaFe 0.5 Mn 0.5 PO 4 sample was ~1.2 mg/cm 2 (the total amount of NaFe 0.5 Mn 0.5 PO 4 in the battery was 16.44 mg).
Various methods such as electrochemical pre-sodiation , direct sodium foil contact , anode pre-sodiation , cathode oversodiation , self-sacrificial sodiation additives have been explored to solve the Na + inventory problem for different types of SIB cathode chemistries.
For GY and GDY, the maximum sodium storage concentration is NaC 4 and NaC 3 , respectively, far exceeding the upper limit of Na insertion into graphite to form the stage-II compound NaC 12 and being also superior to the case of Li inserting into graphite to form LiC 6 .
First, to stabilize the performance of the sodium-ion cells, all the full cells were operated at 0.2C rate for 3 cycles with the charge capacity limited to 85 mAh (g-NaCrO 2 ) ¹1 , and then operated at 0.2C rate without the capacity limitation for an additional 5 cycles.
The capacity retention of rGO_2 cycled in both potential windows and rGO_1 is compared as shown in Fig. 6 To demonstrate the feasibility of a reduced graphene oxide cathode, rGO_2 was coupled with a hard carbon anode and a full cell galvanostatic cycling was carried out.
For example, sodium-rich materials such as Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP), Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 (NVPF), and Na 3 (VO) 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F (NVPOF) have exhibited strong electrochemical performance and have been extensively investigated for practical sodium-ion battery applications.
Using the P red @CNF film as working electrodes, all electrochemical measurements were carried out in half cells (CR2032-type coin cell) with sodium metal foils as counter electrodes, and 1.0 mol L -1 NaPF 6 (Sigma-Aldrich, >99%) was mixed with EC-DEC as the electrolyte.
Thanks to this configurational entropy tuning method, HE-V is able to present a recordbreaking cycling performance to stably run 10 000 cycles even at an ultrahigh current rate of 50C with negligible capacity fading, which remarkably promotes the application of NASICONs.
Since Li, Fe, and Ti doping in the TM layer suppresses Na + /vacancy ordering 22,24 , Na0.55 and Na1 present smooth charge/discharge curve with capacity of 117.3 mAh g -1 and 132.6 mAh g -1 in the voltage range of 2.0-4.2 V at 0.1 C (12 mA g -1 ), respectively (Fig. 2a).
Therefore, it is also of interest to probe the structural evolution during synthesis and processing as this allows for a thorough understanding of the nucleation and growth mechanisms of the final products and hence how to rationally design high-performance Na-ion LTMOs.
Additionally, one of the biggest challenges in current LIB and SIB research is developing anode materials that offer high energy density and long-term cycling stability. Graphitebased anodes are widely used in LIBs due to their excellent stability and cost-effectiveness.
The essential structural feature of rigid and three-dimensional NASICON materials is an interconnected interstitial space that is occupied by mobile Li + ions. These mobile lithium ions can migrate freely and exhibit certain ion conduction properties at room temperature.
In this work, full-cell SIB was assembled using NaFe 0.45 Cu 0.05 Co 0.5 O 2 and commercial HC as the cathode and the anode, respectively, to evaluate the effectiveness of presodiated methods of hard carbon anode and the charging mode to the performance of the full-cell.
The most favorable aspects of lignin are its very high carbon component (63.4%) and the sp 2 (72.7%) and sp 3 (27.3%) hybrid carbon structure that make it an excellent precursor for sp 2 -sp 3 hybrid hard carbon materials, also an excellent substitute for phenolic resin.
Voltage decay has been identified as an important electrochemical signal for cation migration 38,39 , and Fig. 5j illustrates the voltage retentions of Na0.55, Na0.65, Na0.83, and Na1 over 200 cycles at 1 C (120 mA/g) rate are 96.5%,94.6%, 92.2%, and 91.8%, respectively.
As a classical category of microporous materials, Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) have shown promising applications in various important fields, including gas adsorption , catalysis , energy storage , photothermal therapy , drug delivery 26, , sensing , and nanozyme 34,35 .
All these factors are beneficial for high sodium storage and rate capability. 17,18 Thus, integrating ultrafine nanoparticles into highly conductive carbon matrixes may be a promising approach to simultaneously achieve the outstanding rate capability and long cycle life.
A similar effect has been noted in the literature. 29 The increase of the plateau capacity is probably caused by burn-off of amorphous carbon, which makes the local graphitic domains more attainable and prominent and therefore allows for better sodium storage capability.
For single-layer GDY, it is found that every triangular-like pore can furthest store three Na atoms at three symmetric corners, making a unique Na occupation pattern called as a triangular pattern and the stable conguration for maximum sodium storage responds to NaC 3 .
For O3-type NaMn 0.55 Ni 0.25 Fe 0.1 Ti 0.1 O 2 , there are small impurity peaks in the XRD pattern, which could be the result of some transition metal oxide impurities or other types of layered structures hard to identify uniquely due to their low reection intensities.
When composite electrodes with high iron oxide loading (g-Fe 2 O 3 : rGO ratio of 80 : 20) are cycled in Na-ion half-cells with NaClO 4 -based electrolyte, specific capacities values about 300 mA h g À1 are obtained at specific currents in the order of 500-1000 mA g À1 .
For this reason, it is important to achieve a quantitative understanding of the nature and amount of disorder in different samples of Na 3 Ni 2 BiO 6 , as disorder appears to significantly influence the electrochemical performance of this promising Na-ion cathode system.
Wettability of the molten Na on the NaSICON was determined by the sessile drop technique, in which the contact angle of the molten Na drop was measured on bare NaSICON and on Sn-coated NaSICON, in which the Sn coating thickness was below and above the critical thickness.
Although the more open crystal framework offers P2-type cathodes better structural stability, the nature of the layered structure still poses a risk of irreversible structural transformations due to slab gliding and lattice distortion upon the removal/insertion of Na + .
TEM images taken of PDC-500 (Fig. 2c andd) indicate a mix of amorphous carbon and some (Ca(OH) 2 and Fe(OH) 2 ) crystals Fig. 1 Synthesis steps and nomenclature of obtained hard carbons: T 1 marks the pre-pyrolysis temperature (synthesis of peat to carbonaceous material).
As the hollow structure of Prussian blue has attracted considerable attention in the electrochemical eld and numerous studies have reported the methods to synthesize the hollow structured Prussian blue, the difference of this work from other work is described in the Fig.
The little Fe(CN) 6 vacancies in Fe II -C≡N-Mn II sites of the MnHCF-S-170 were beneficial to enhance the integrity of frame and provide smooth channels for Na-ion transport, thus possessing quick Na + ions and electrons migration kinetics to enhance the rate performance.
Destined here as a preliminary work, the mission of this research was to study the possibility of introducing copper particles within a PLA polymer matrix to develop a current collector (negative electrode side) composite 3D printable filament for LIB or SIB applications.
The aim of the present study was therefore to develop a deeper understanding of the sodiation mechanism in NGCs using commercial carbons prepared over an extended temperature range (1000 °C -2500 °C), to cover the whole range from hard carbons (HC) to glassy carbons (GC).
It can be assumed that optimization potential is still given and thus a better performance can be achieved, especially by carefully selecting the cathode composition taking into account the environmental aspects and by reducing the impacts associated with the hard carbon.
Note that the Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP) cathode material needs no introduction as it has shown great potential as a positive electrode for SIB with exceptional stability, almost no polarization between GCD curves, higher rate capabilities, and 100% Coulombic efficiencies .
ZnSe 0.7 Te 0.3 @C electrode shows significantly superior sodium storage properties to the pristine ZnSe@C electrode, including a higher capacity (5 A g -1 ; 307 mAh g -1 vs 118.8 mAh g -1 after 1000 cycles), better rate performance (20 A g -1 ; 256.2 vs 121.5 mAh g -1 ).
To be noted, the conductivity change trend of Na x ZrCl 4+x SEs displays a distinct volcanoshaped curve, suggesting that neither insufficient nor excessive Na/Cl-DC within the structures (correlated with vacancy and carrier concentrations) is optimal for Na-ion diffusion.
However, the knowledge-base in this regard is weak, and comparatively little is known about the environmental performance of different SIB types in comparison with current lithium-ion batteries (LIB) under consideration of the whole battery life cycle ('cradle-to-grave').
The high concentration of OH -in electrolytes limits selection of cathodes because of the interaction of transition metal-based electrodes with OH -, leading to the deterioration of electrode structures, especially for Mn-based Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) cathodes 10 .
Herein, we provide a comprehensive hazard and toxicity screening of promising SIB cathode material, which includes three different toxicity and hazard perspectives: (i) hazard traffic lights (HTL), (ii) total hazard points (THP), and (iii) human toxicity potential (HTox).
The negative electrode was prepared by using the slurry casting method, with 80:10:10 (wt%) of hard carbon (Kuraray):conductive carbon (TIM-CAL, Super P):poly(vinylidene fluoride) (Kureha, KF-1100) in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (Sigma-Aldrich) on a 15 μm Al current collector.
Importantly, it is clearly observed that SnO 2 @C@Sb 2 O 3 particles have a rough surface, which is formed by the Sb 2 O 3 outer layer of the subspheres during calcination to form a loose, porous shell, providing a fast channel for the migration of sodium ions/ electrons.
Background incl. aims Sodium-ion batteries are one of the best candidates to replace lithium-ion batteries for stationary applications, as a cost-effective and sustainable alternative. A key role in their development and integration is the use of renewable carbon sources.
This is to attribute to the several changes in the oxide's structure to better accommodate sodium ions, resulting in an overall cathodic potential that is generally about 1V less with respect of lithium's counterpart, thus affecting the energy density of the full battery.
Gavanostatic testing of the closely related compound Na2/3(Ni2/3Te 1/3)O2 has been recently reported 36, and this phase exhibits even higher discharge voltages of 4 V on average, as might be expected from the stronger repulsions associated with the higher valence of Te6+.
The average energy density of lithium iron phosphate batteries produced by Guoxuan High-tech Company can reach 175WH/Kg, but the limit energy density of sodium ion batteries can only reach 160WH/Kg, which is less than the average level of lithium iron phosphate batteries.
Besides, there appears the situation when multi-element doping methodology was introduced. (Fig. 1 f) created Na0.9Ni0.25Cu0.05Mg0.05Zn0.05Fe0.05Al0.05Mn0.40Ti0.05Sn0.05O2 (NCMZFAMTS) through slight concentrations of active (Ni, Cu) and inactive (Mg, Al, Zn) multi-doping.
Additionally, as significant amounts of Na are stripped from one side of the electrolyte, voids may nucleate at the Na|NaSICON interface (as Na does not wet NaSICON well at 110 °C), 53 causing a slight reduction in contact area and corresponding increase in overpotential.
Sulphides with general formula Na 3-x Sb 1-x W x S 4 are promising solid state electrolytes for Na-ion batteries (SIBs), thanks to their high conductivity at room temperature, their high malleability and the possibility to synthesise them through wet-chemistry techniques.
Thus, while Na-ion cells should, in principle, be cheaper to produce, they In research that parallels the extensive work on cathodes for Li-ion cells, layered transition metal oxides, such as Na x CoO 2, have been thoroughly explored as candidate Na-ion cathode materials.
The increased macropore content results in irreversible capacity loss in the first cycle, reduced sodium transport domains, increased the reversible sodium storage capacity in the voltage limited cycles as well as increased electrical resistance in capacity limited cycle.
However, taking into account the lower cost of sodium-containing raw materials, it is expected that the cost of sodium-ion batteries will be lower than that of lithium-ion batteries, and they will replace the environmentally harmful lead-acid or nickel-cadmium batteries .
Three types of metal NPs (Co@C, Fe@C, CoFe@C) were formed by in-situ growing Prussian blue analogs (PBAs, Co[Co(CN) 6 ], Fe[Fe(CN) 6 ] and Co[Fe(CN) 6 ]) on a natural loofa (L) by a room-temperature wet chemical method in aqueous bath, followed by a carbonization process.
These storage sites lack long-range order and thus are difficult to detect by XRD. 50,56,57 Based on the results of in situ XRD and GITT, the hard carbon material exhibits a typical synergistic sodium storage mechanism involving adsorption, intercalation, and pore lling.
In particular, a 3.0 V Na x H 2-x Ti 2 O 5 ||NaMnO 2 •0.1H 2 O aqueous full cell prototype is validated, exhibiting a large specific energy of 117.1 Wh kg -1 based on the total mass of active materials in both positive and negative electrodes as well as a long cycle life.
The main drawbacks of P2-type layered oxides is their sodium deficiency resulting in reduced full cell capacities (typically x ~2/3 in Na x MO 2 ) (Tapia-Ruiz et al., 2021) and detrimental phase transitions at high degree of desodiation (e.g., P2-O2) (Kubota et al., 2018).
Figure S23 exhibits the electrochemical impedance spectroscopies of the assembled FARSIB before and after bending tests, indicating the slight increase in the contact resistance (R s ) and faradic charge-transfer resistance (R ct ) of the electrodes after the bending test.
Compared with Mn-MOFs, the adsorption energies of highentropy MOFs at the active sites are all negative, demonstrating that the introduction of multiple metal elements lowers the sodium-ion adsorption energy barriers, which favors the adsorption and storage of sodium ions.
Previous reports indicate that a slightly larger channel in the structure is preferable for SIB applications. 37 Furthermore, to verify the proposed observation the corresponding structures (NMVAP, NMVFP, and NMVTP) were further subjected to synthesis and characterization.
Three-dimensional (3D) 1 H MR images of the electrolyte in the sodium metal cell were acquired using a multi-slice spin-echo sequence with horizontal frequency encoding, 15 mm isotropic field-of-view, with a 117 µm × 117 µm × 469 µm voxel size, and a 1.0 s repetition time.
Namely, the remaining oxygenated groups enable to keep disordered structure upon carbonization, i.e., randomly-oriented graphitic domains and larger mean interlayer spacing (~0,39 nm), providing easy diffusion of sodium as well as the acceptable capacity of sodium storage.
On the contrary, at the best of the authors' knowledge, only a LCA study focused on the evaluation of the environmental impact of the SIBs is available in the literature (Peters et al. 2016), most probably because the SIB technology has not reached the needed maturity yet.
Figure 1 illustrates the key features selected by the extra tree regressor for density prediction, and depicts that maximum mass specific heat capacity (max:heat_capacity_mass) which is the most important feature for calculating the density of sodium-ion battery materials.
A commercially available Na 0.97 Ca 0.03 [Mn 0.39 Fe 0.31 Ni 0.22 -Zn 0.08 ]O 2 layered oxide (NNMF)/hard carbon (HC) sodium-ion pouch cell, 43 with a theoretical capacity of ∼220 mA h and manufactured by LiFUN, was selected for model calibration in this paper (Fig. 1(a)).
We compared the electrochemical performance of our entropy and active-facet tuned cathode with other reported P2-type layered cathodes tested at different conditions (Supplementary Table 7 tested at a high rate and Supplementary Table 8 tested at the same cut-off voltage).
The capacitive behavior, which corresponds to fast reactions, exhibits a higher contribution rate in electrochemical reactions when the material has a larger surface area and mesoporous structure because abundant active sites for Na-ion storage are provided on the surface.
Here, we report a sodium tetraphenylborate (NaBPh 4 )/1,2-dimethoxyethane (DME) electrolyte that is free from fluorine but enables the highly stable and high-rate charge-discharge cycling of hard carbon electrodes as compared to other combinations of Na salts and solvents.
We have synthesized some hard carbon materials that demonstrated high capacities in sodiumion battery half-cells and according to physical characterizations data, the optimal graphitization degree and level of purity has been achieved to allow for effective sodium storage.
The nano-scaled characteristics of Fe 2 O 3 particle from MOFs embedded in the aggregates ensure the electrode having a high capacity and the fast Na-ion diffusion in the electrode, and the introduction of carbon renders the electrode having a good electronic conductivity.
Subsequently, the prepared hard carbon underwent direct uorination in a Monel alloy tube for 4 hours, at a temperature rise rate of 2 °C min -1 , within a range of 300-500 °C in an atmosphere of F 2 /N 2 (volume ratio 1 : 9) mixed gas with a temperature interval of 50 °C.
The Na-ion storage mechanism of FeSe 2 is as follows : Na x FeSe 2 + (4-x)Na + + (4-x)e -↔ Fe + Na 2 Se However, the sluggish diffusion kinetics and severe volume expansion during cycling lead to rapid capacity fading, hampering the practical application of FeSe 2 in SIBs.
As a result, SnSe 2 @NC exhibits outstanding electrochemical performance as an anode material for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), with a high capacity of 368.9 mA h g -1 at 0.5 A g -1 and remarkable rate cycle stability, retaining 324.2 mA h g -1 at 5 A g -1 aer 1000 cycles.
In this study, hard carbons (HCs) were investigated as negative electrodes for sodium secondary battery utilizing the Na[FSA]-[C 3 C 1 pyrr][FSA] ionic liquid electrolyte at 363 K, and the correlation between charge-discharge behavior and structural properties was studied.
Aer further carbonization, a variety of hard carbon materials with certain structural differences were gained, and a three-phase model of hard carbon sodium storage was proposed subsequently. 12 Zhang et al. reported a porous carbon material with egg-yolk shell structure.
This result clearly demonstrates that the electrochemical reactions involving carbonates and hydroxides in the Nasicon SE based Na-air cell are kinetically facile, partly due to the in-situ formed catholyte through chemical reaction of the discharged products with the air.
In particular, it was not clear whether the sodiation of MnP 4 in the SIB occurs rst through an insertion process with the formation of Na x MnP 4 (similar to what happens in a LIB) before the complete conversion to Mn + 4Na 3 P, or directly through a conversion reaction.
The resultant materials exhibit initial discharge/charge specific capacities for sodium-ion batteries of 307/146, 408/193, and 404/272 mA h g -1 for HC-750, HC-1000, and HC-1250 °C electrodes, respectively, giving an initial coulombic efficiency ratio of 47%, 48%, and 67%.
The O 2p orbital in Na0.55 rises closer to the E f level and is deeply hybridized with Ni 3d e g* and Fe 3d e g* , this greatly boosts the covalent bonding strength of TM-O and contributes to the contraction of the TM-O bond, which is the reason for the tighter TM-O slabs.
Clearly, from the prospects of low cost and low toxicity, iron-based sodium storage electrode materials are the most interesting candidates, in particular when the other chemical constituents of the compound comprise equally abundant elements such as phosphorus and sulfur.
The only relevant previous investigation of FeP as a SIB anode material is the recent report by Li et al.; in that work, anodes prepared by ball-milling FeP showed much faster capacity fading, from 460 mAh g -1 to ~200 mAh g -1 within 40 cycles at a current of 50 mA g -1 .
An exothermic peak starts to appear aer 570 °C indicating the decomposition of NFPP into the thermodynamically stable maricite NaFePO 4 impurity. Therefore, for the rst trial, the sol-gel precursor was subjected to 10 min of combustion in a tube furnace at 550 °C in air.
The primary components presently employed in cathodes for sodium ion batteries The principle of operation and configuration design of sodium-ion batteries are quite similar to those of lithium-ion batteries, leading to their shared designation as "rocking chair batteries".
The results showed that the high voltage inclined region was related to the adsorption of sodium ions, and in the other stage, sodium ions were embedded in the carbon material layers at appropriate spacing to form NaC x compounds, resulting in a flat low voltage platform .
The lithium transition metal phosphates have found application in the field of electrochemical energy storage, especially those with Nasicon structure, because of their good electrochemical performances and capability to answer safety concerns surrounding oxide chemistry .
Unlike insertion-type anodes where SEI formation is complicated by host structure interactions, sodium metal provides an ideal model system for isolating and characterizing temperature-dependent SEI chemistry, electrolyte decomposition mechanisms, and interfacial kinetics.
Conventional SIBs cathodes have promoted the development of sodium-ion batteries to a certain extent, including transition metal oxides, 8 polyanionic compounds 9 and Prussian blue analogs, 10 but the low capacity and high diffusion barrier greatly hinder SIBs application.
To better uncover the correlation between the composition of wood precursor and the microstructure in its derived hard carbon, three wood precursors with low, middle and high contents of crystalline cellulose were chosen and noted as Lwood, M-wood and H-wood, respectively.
This study focuses on the effects of the chemical process and heating time at 900 °C on pristine anthracite coal (provided by Vang Danh coal, Quang Ninh province, Vietnam) and explores its structure and electrochemical performance when used as an anode in Na-ion batteries.
On the power generation side, the SIB energy storage system can be combined with the thermal power unit to give full play to its advantages, such as fast response speed and strong instantaneous power regulation ability and provide frequency and voltage regulation services.
A new coercive cesium-adsorption mechanism was proposed in Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 . in Prussian blue, cesium is weakly adsorbed to iron vacancy. it is due to the existence of water defect and because the spontaneous cesium-adsorption is limited to the part of the surface.
The results indicate not only that the enhancement of sodium storage of TiS 2 /S-TiO 2 /C nanofibers may originate from the storage contribution of incorporated TiS 2 , but also show the significance for the synergistic improvement of the electrochemical activity of TiO 2 .
In our group's experiments, it can be observed that sodium storage capacity is controllable by the heat treatment conditions (temperature, treatment time, and so on) and the electrochemical conditions, including electrolyte additive and electrode binder/conductive additive.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have rekindled research interest in the energy storage arena in view of ecological concerns and niche environmentally congenial alternatives, owing to their sustainable cost and abundant resources for large-scale stationary storage applications .
Sodium (Na) super ionic conductor (NASICON) polyanionic compounds have recently attracted much attention from the battery community because of their electroactive properties and reasonably high ionic conductivities, leading to their use as a cathode in sodium-ion batteries.
Qatarneh et al. 102 studied the impact of various driftwood biomasses (Alnus, Conifer, Fraxinus, Populus, and Salix), HTC temperatures (180, 200 and 220 °C) and HTC residence times (4, 6 and 12 h) on the properties and performance of the resulting hydrochar and hard carbon.
In summary, through the synergetic engineering of sodium-site substitution and oxygen vacancy strategies, a cathode material of K 0.147 Na 4.853 V 15 O 32 with K + partial riveting in the Na layers has been successfully designed and applied for highly stable sodium storage.
The different proportions of spherical hard carbon/graphite anode were characterized by laser particle size analyzer (LPS), mercury injection apparatus (MIA), X-ray diffraction (XRD) and electron scanning microscope (SEM), to analyze the microstructure of porous electrodes.
Upon further Na + ion insertion, the PXRD pattern of Na 4/7 [, 1/7 Ti 1/7 Mn 5/7 ]O 2 discharged to 1.6 V aer charge to 4.4 V (Fig. 4(d)), shows partial transformation of 15% to an O3-type phase which shows an expansion of 1.5% relative to the volume of the pristine phase.
The cathode and anode must be capable of sodium storage reactions with a potential difference between them, and the diaphragm needs to have the ability to allow the free passage of sodium ions and to separate the sides of the cathode and anode to prevent them from reacting.
Flexible aqueous rechargeable sodium-ion batteries (ARSIBs) have emerged as promising energy storage systems for flexible and wearable electronics due to their safety, eco-friendliness, flexibility, and low cost, especially for large-scale and high-throughput storage needs.
Mahesh Chandra et al. synthesized stable P2 phase NaxMnO2 and NaxCoO2 nanostructures by sol-gel method and the electrochemical characteristics of coin batteries prepared with Na0.7CoO2 and Na0.6MnO2 as working electrodes and Na counter electrodes are studied and discussed .
The experimental data shows excellent correlations between stress evolution and phase changes in the oxide and can be used to develop mechanically durable NFM electrodes for high-performance sodium-ion batteries intended for transportation and electricity-grid applications.
Furthermore, the provided tables show that each SIB precursor has specific impacts and that SIB share some of the same precursors with LIB, e.g., nickel sulfate in the case of NMC622 and Na 0.6 Fe 0.66 Ni 0.22 O 2 , which has multiple hazard warnings from danger to warning.
The Ni current collector was chosen because it has relatively high electrochemical stability with water compared to other metals; no reactions or changes in chemical nature of the air-cathode (Nasicon + Ni metal) were observed even after linear sweep test (Supplementary Fig.
The sodium-ion hybrid capacitor assembled with the HC125@Co 3 O 4 anode and activated carbon cathode demonstrates high energy density (129.5 Wh kg -1 at 583 W kg -1 ) and high power density (26.5 Wh kg -1 at 11,650 W kg -1 ), along with excellent long-time cycling stability.
When paired with a polyimide anode in a full-cell conguration, Mn@Fe/H-PBA demonstrates outstanding practicality, underscoring its promise as a next-generation cathode material for aqueous sodium-ion batteries. 2 Experimental section/methods 2.1 Material preparations 2.1.1.
Table S4 † shows a comparison of the sodium storage performance and synthesis time between our work and the reported literature, indicating the advantage of G-CTS2800 with high reversible capacity and low synthesis time and still with an excellent sodium storage performance.
Although graphitizable carbon materials, such as graphene and CNTs, exhibit promising characteristics for Na-ion storage owing to their large surface areas and surface defects, their manufacturing processes are typically complex and costly when used as standalone materials .
Notably, the NASICON structure with rhombohedral symmetry can theoretically have four sodium ions per formula unit; for example, the basic charge balance calculations suggests that cathode material with Na 4 Mn 1.5 Ti 0.5 (PO 4 ) 3 configuration satisfy the selection rules .
As these results remain qualitative, we also performed electrochemical sodiation in half-cells versus sodium metal through a galvanostatic discharge mode down to 1.5 V and compare the results with that obtained using stoichiometric O3-Na 1 Mn 1/2 Ni 1/2 O 2 reference sample.
Unlike layered oxide materials, where cation migration and oxygen evolution occur at high voltages , the inherent rigid structure of polyanionic materials offers stability against high-voltage redox reactions, thus enhancing the overall safety and durability of SIB systems .
With the continuous maturity and improvement of sodium-ion battery technology, it will replace a portion of the market share currently held by LIBs, becoming an important energy storage technology and making a greater contribution to clean energy and sustainable development.
In this context, the Na 2 Mg 3 Cl 8 compound, with its remarkably low activation energy of 0.18 eV and impressive room temperature conductivity of 1.26 mS cm -1 , stands out as an exceptional candidate for solid-state electrolytes in both current and future Na-ion batteries.
Layered intercalation compounds are similarly the subject of great interest for Na-and K-ion battery electrodes, though there is some question of how they will compete with the current state-of-the-art polyanionic compound Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 for Na-ion battery cathodes .
In contrast to typical precursors, hard carbon is primarily produced through the pyrolysis of biomass, with previous studies successfully demonstrating the feasibility of deriving hard carbon from various biomass sources such as coconut shells , walnut shells , and corncob .
In addition, NMLMO exhibits an improved capacity retention of 80.9% compared to NMMO (57.1%) after 50 cycles at the rate of 0.5 C (Figure 3f), as well as a competitive rate performance (126 mAh g -1 at 5 C) among the reported P2-type oxide cathodes (Figure S17 and Table S8).
While not being able to compete under GWP aspects, the low value material based SIB (NaMMO, NaPBA) show good results under ADP, AP and HTP aspects, with results similar or better than the LiNMC already in the baseline (HTP and ADP), or with around 35% higher cycle life (AP).
This green and cost-effective chemical treatment strategy for optimizing pore structures offers a novel approach to fabricating highperformance hard carbon anodes, paving the way for producing low-cost, high-performance negative materials for advanced energy storage devices.
Therefore, we applied an advanced quantum mechanics (QM) method based on DFT and combined with a statistical approach to evaluate the Na 0.85 Li 0.17 Ni 0.21 Mn 0.64 O 2 (NLNMO) material as P2-type layered oxide with the promising application as a cathode electrode in NIBs .
In order to further study the improvement mechanism of spherical hard carbon/graphite on the cycle, the batteries were charged and discharged at constant current and constant voltage at 0.1C to 4.5V until the current was 0.02C, and then discharged at 0.1C to 3V for 3 cycles.
The electrode made by H 2 TP in the lithium ion batteries gives the average capacity ∼235 mAh g -1 for 500 cycles, in sodium ion batteries the average capacity is ∼200 mAh g -1 for 50 cycles and in potassium ion batteries the average capacity is ∼240 mAh g -1 for 150 cycles.
In recent years, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been widely revived as an intriguing alternative to LIBs for energy storage owing to the abundant distribution of sodium (Na) resources in the earth and the similarity of sodium with lithium in physical/ chemical properties .
To obtain an electrode material that is capable of manifesting high Na-ion storage capacity during longterm cycling at a rapid discharge/charge rate, ternary heterophases MoSe 2 /MoO 2 /carbon are rationally designed and synthesized through a supermolecule-assisted strategy.
The contribution of each sodium site towards the sodium ion de/intercalation was predicted using DFT, and it was suggested that the first sodium-ion extraction is favored from the Na2 sites via uni-phasic reaction, causing no significant change in the structural positioning.
The good reproduction of the experimental structures of both LiFePO 4 and NaFePO 4 is shown in Table S2-ESI. † For experimental work, lattice strain in thin lm samples is generated by substrate/lm mismatch (i.e. differences in d spacing), as schematically shown in Fig. 1a.
While ester-based electrolytes limit hard carbon mesoporosity and require the promotion of turbostratic domains, ether-based electrolytes enable the development of more ordered and porous carbons, enhancing transport kinetics, sodium storage capacity, and electrode stability.
In general, P2-Na x MO 2 can potentially enable higher rate capability due to the facile sodium ion mobility through the adjacent trigonal prismatic environment. 24 , 25 , 163 -165 This feature is unique to P2 sodium materials as a superior advantage compared to LIB cathodes.
Hence, the improved cycle and rate performance of the M800 electrode is superior to that of the M700 and M900 electrodes, may be due to the well-dened octahedral shape of M800 delivers sufficient active sites for Na-ion, thus reducing the electron and ion transport pathways.
On the other hand, it was discovered that the mechanical milling leads to the formation of a completely amorphous or glassy state in several Prussian Blue analogues, e.g., Fe III [Fe II (CN) 6 ] 3/4 •nH 2 O (144 h milling), or K 0.32 Cu[Fe(CN) 6 ] 0.63 •nH 2 O (2 h milling) .
The two peaks at 0.08 and 0.54 V are attributed the conversion reaction of WS 2 with sodium ions into W metallic nanoparticles embedded into amorphous Na 2 S matrix and the formation of the solid electrolyte interface (SEI) layer owing to the decomposition of the electrolyte.
As revealed by in situ high-energy synchrotron X-ray diffraction (HEXRD), the Ti-doped material (Na2/3Fe1/3Mn0.57Ti0.1O2) show significantly inhibited P2-P2' phase transition at low discharge voltage, exhibiting a single P2 phase throughout the whole charge-discharge process.
The smooth side surfaces before the cycles split into many thin sheets after 500 cycles, indicating that the repeated Na + de/intercalation leads to volumetric expansion and serious structural degradation, which could be associated with the fast capacity fade of the NaMNO 2 .
In our previous study, we have demonstrated the improved rate capability of NIBs consisting of a hard carbon negative electrode, an NaCrO 2 positive electrode, and an FSA-based IL electrolyte (FSA = bis(fluorosulfonyl)amide) by increasing the Na + ion concentration in the IL.
These are the most versatile and flexible cathode materials in terms of transition metals and sodium ion occupancies and also have extensive applications in all-solid-state ion batteries as solid-state electrolytes, providing better thermal stability and ionic conductivities.
Based on XRD and NPD refinement results, the vertical distances between NaO 2 slabs and TMO 2 slabs in the Na0.55 ~Na1 series were calculated, and the corresponding ratios were derived to be 1.969, 1.841, 1.622, and 1.543, respectively (Fig. 1f, g, and Supplementary Table 5).
Wu et al. reported N-doped ordered mesoporous anatase TiO 2 nanobers fabricated via electrospinning method and subsequent nitridation treatment. 12 This material exhibits superior cycling stability and rate performance when used as an anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
Both materials exhibit a smooth voltage profile thanks to the dilution of Jahn-Teller active Mn 3+ centers with Mg 2+ which pushes the average Mn oxidation state towards Mn 4+ . 31 In the case of Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 this effect is enhanced by the introduction of vacancies.
Recently, it has been reported that the ball milling synthesis produces highly crystalline Prussian blue analogue Na 2-x Mn[Fe(CN) 6 ] materials with a highly reversible sodium-ion storage behavior effect and a capacity of 126.6 mAh•g -1 at a current density of 2000 mA•g -1 .
The Na1 site occupancy decreases as the silicate content increases 19 : the three NASICONs with pure phosphates have Na1 occupancy of ~0.8, whereas the monoclinic Na 3 HfZr(SiO 4 ) 2 (PO 4 ) phase with the highest ionic conductivity exhibits the lowest Na1 occupancy of ~0.63.
The insertion of lithium at M1 and M2 sites led to the quasi plateaus of 2.8 and 2.0 V, while the sodium battery showed a single quasi plateau given the insertion at M2 site. 15 As the electronic conductivity based on NASICON is unsatisfactory, it is necessary to make change.
Reported examples of NASICON compounds include Na 0.44 MnO 2 /NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (Kim et al., 2013), Na 2 CuFe(CN) 6 /NaTi 2 (PO4) 3 (Wessells et al., 2011a) , Na 2 NiFe(CN) 6 / NaTi 2 (PO4) 3 (Wessells et al., 2011b) , Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 / NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (Song et al., 2014).
Optimal conditions to transition from a sodium-rich hydrated monoclinic phase toward a sodium-rich dehydrated rhombohedral phase are Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered the next generation, sustainable, low cost, and efficient electrochemical energy storage technology.
The average D Na+ for both samples are around 10 -8 cm 2 s -1 in the low and middle voltage region (2.0-4.05 V) during either charging or discharging, where the charge compensation is mainly contributed by the cationic redox (Ni 2+ /Ni 3+ , Mn 3+ /Mn 4+ , and Cu 2+ / Cu 3+ ).
In comparison with other results reported for Na-ion batteries, for instance, the experimental work by Liu et al. 29 on Na-ion diffusion in MoS2/SnS2-reduced graphene oxide, which reported a diffusion coefficient of 5.53 × 10 -7 cm 2 s -1 , the present results are compatible.
This behaviour is very different from some other P2-type electrodes such as Na x CoO 2 , Na x VO 2 , where multiple plateaus were observed during sodium deintercalation/intercalation, which is related to the formation of Na þ /vacancy and charge-ordered superstructures 9,16 .
In order to fully explore the sodium storage capacity of ZTC materials and verify the sodium storage mechanism, the samples were discharged with a very low current density (9mA•g -1 ) resulting in more mild surface reaction, SEI layer formation, and more complete porefilling.
Based on these assessments, a novel, viable strategy to achieve anode materials with suitably designed morphological and physicochemical properties to provide SIB with high specific capacity, rate capability and durability has been very recently presented (Fiore et al. 2018).
Na + "Blockade" Identified at the NaSICON-Catholyte Interface • Using Raman spectroscopy, Lewis acidic dimeric species, such as Al 2 Cl 6 I -, were identified in 45 mol% NaI-AlCl 3 . • Lewis acidic dimeric species were not observed under Lewis basic conditions (>50 mol% NaI).
Supposing that this plateau represents the adsorption of Na + ions, it can be concluded that the adsorption process is more favorable in the case of hard carbon because its porous structure and voids accommodate Na + ions and facilitate their intercalation into the structure.
The NVP//NiSex@C/CNTs-10 full cells showed a remarkable discharge capacity of 238.5 mAh/g at 0.5 A/g after 100 cycles with a discharge plateau of 2.0 V (Figs. 5(d) and 5(e)), demonstrating the potential of NiSex@C/CNTs-10h as an anode for high-performance sodium ion batteries.
Aer 500 cycles, 77.3% of the Na 2 TP@GE hybrid electrode's initial capacity (207.9 mA h g À1 ) was found to be retained, compared to 29.3% (74.3 mA h g À1 ) of the initial bare Na 2 TP capacity, indicating the Na 2 TP@GE hybrids are highly reversible towards sodium insertion.
It is important to note that the composites prepared by Qian et al. 8,19 for both lithium-ion and sodium-ion anodes were also produced via the formation of an intermediate black phase of phosphorus in the composite (refer to the manuscripts and related Supporting Information).
This article focuses on the development of polylactic acid-(PLA-) based thermoplastic composite filament for its use, once 3D printed via thermoplastic material extrusion (TME), as current collector at the negative electrode side of a lithium-ion battery or sodium-ion battery.
From the comparison of the chargedischarge curves of presodiated and as-prepared hard carbon electrodes, we could calculate that the inserted amount of sodium during presodiation is about 0.18 mol per C 6 (Theoretical capacity of hard carbon is about 375 mAh g À 1 for NaC 6 ).
The depressed semicircle in the high-frequency region is primarily associated with the SEI layer resistance (R SEI ) and charge transfer resistance (R ct ), which is closely related to the SEI formation and interfacial ionic/electronic conductivity of the hard carbon skeleton.
Abouimrane et al. 45 previously studied the Na-ion storage behaviour of a Se electrode and observed two discharge plateaus at 1.9 and 1.5 V in the sodiation process, so they proposed a multi-phase conversion reaction of Se, where intermediate phase polyselenides may be formed.
As the cycle number increases, the accumulated irreversible lattice oxygen loss may trigger detrimental TM migration, structure distortion and stack faults, leading to capacity decay, voltage fade, poor cycling stability and sluggish Na+ deintercalation/intercalation kinetics.
In situ synchrotron diffraction patterns were used to analyze the evolution of Nb 2 CT x @MoS 2 @C at 0.01-3.0 V (Fig. 8b andc). 87 The XRD peak remains unchanged as sodium ions' intercalation and extraction process occurs, whereas the Na 2 S signal appears at 38.5°in Fig. 8c.
Carbon xerogels (CX) with varying nodule sizes, from 50 nm to 2 µm, are synthesized via polycondensation of resorcinol with formaldehyde in water, followed by pyrolysis at 800 ℃ to investigate their electrochemical properties as negative electrode material in Na-ion batteries.
S6, ESI †), which could be ascribed to the formation of solidelectrolyte interface (SEI) layer and irreversible insertion of Na-ions in the carbon. 29 Thereafter, a stable discharge capacity of B100 mA h g À1 was observed over 150 cycles, with high Coulombic efficiencies (Fig.
Through this method, the physical properties are expected to increase in strength owing to the use of epoxy-resin polymer materials, while the ion conduction effect can be transferred through the sintered NASICON solid ceramic to create a high stable solid ceramic electrolyte.
Compared with alloy-and conversion-based anode materials with high plateau voltage and poor cycling stability , hard carbon has been considered as a promising candidate for the anode materials of SIBs due to its lower plateau voltage and acceptable capacity (~ 300 mAh g -1 ) .
Each observed spectrum was ascribed to combinations of Na + ions from the electrolyte, reversible ionic Na components, irreversible Na components assigned to solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) or nonextractable sodium ions in HC, and decomposed Na compounds such as Na 2 CO 3 .
Nevertheless, the operating voltage and energy density of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are generally lower than those of LIBs, as the standard electrode potential of Na/Na + (-2.71 V) is higher than that of Li/Li + (-3.04 V) (Zhu et al., 2013;Wu et al., 2019;Nie et al., 2020b).
S9. † The columns seen in the reconstructions are indicative of sodium transport columns, as not only do they match the locations of the transport columns but also indicate where the sodium has nucleated at the surfacedue to the passivation reaction between sodium and NASICON.
The Ag-Nb 2 CT x electrode exhibits superior sodium-ion storage capacity at varying current intensities; at 0.05 A g -1 , its specic capacity is 185 mA h g -1 , and it continues to remain at 86 mA h g -1 even when the current density is increased by 100 times to 5.00 A g -1 .
The incorporation of Mn 2+ effectively lowers the Na + migration energy barrier and narrows the lattice bandgap, thereby improving Na + diffusion kinetics and electrical conductivity, making it a viable candidate for practical SIB applications in extreme conditions. 149 3.2.2.
In this study, the effects of heating time at a low temperature of 900 °C on the structural and electrochemical properties of anthracite coal were explored for the fundamental understanding of its structure during the intercalation/deintercalation reaction in Na-ion batteries.
The outstanding diffusivities can be wetted by the electrolyte and thus become more accessible to sodium ions; whereas RSEI has been gradually increased, duo to the formation of new SEI layers as the result of the structural change of NBs after repeated sodiation/de-sodiation.
Large K + ions induce strong in-plane K + -K + repulsive electrostatic interactions, which necessitates large a lattice parameters, while relatively small TM ions tend to favor smaller a lattice parameters, leading to energetic destabilization of the O3-type layered structure.
In effect, these residues are generated in large quantities by the olive oil industry, posing waste management problems. 33,34 Among the promising approaches to recovering its by-product is the conversion of this waste into hard carbon that can be used in sodium-ion batteries.
Figure 4c shows that the maximum ionic conductivity occurs when r M is slightly above 0.72 Å (though the exact optimal value might be dependent on polyanion species), whereas NASICONs with a r M that is too small or too large are less likely to exhibit high ionic conductivity.
An electrolyte additive is employed along with subsequent control to lower the energy generated at high temperatures and modify the thermal behavior of the SIB cells, resulting in the formation of an articial surface passivation layer on the surface of the electrode material.
We further compared the performance of P2-NaMNNb with P2-type cathode materials reported in the literature tested in different voltage ranges in terms of averaged cell discharge voltage, specific capacity, and rate performance (Supplementary Fig. 18 and Supplementary Table 5).
In conclusion, via well-controlled syntheses, comprehensive structural characterizations and first principles DFT studies, we, for the first time, provide in-depth insights on the correlation between the local structure of hard carbon and the corresponding capacity performance.
Consequently, compared with the initial capacity at 0.1C rate (the final capacity value of 5 cycles under each current rate), the Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 electrode exhibits good capacity retentions of 91.3%, 78.5%, 69.3% and 60.9% at C/10, C/5, C/2 and 1C rates, respectively.
As firstly proposed by Stevens and Dahn in 2000s, the sodium storage behaviors of hard carbons were defined as "house of cards" model. Namely, the slope and plateau capacities correspond to Na intercalation between graphene layers and nanopore filling/nanoplating, respectively.
Due to their excellent sodium storage performance, alongside their low cost, low voltage and high capacity, hard carbon anodes appear to be the most likely anode to be commercialized. 13 The cost of the anode can be further reduced by using biomass as the hard carbon precursor.
Prior to this, we briefly introduce the typical SIB anode families, including carbon-based anodes, titanium-based anodes, conversion anodes, alloy-based anodes, and organic anodes, so we can comprehend the advantages of each type of anode material and the dilemma they suffered.
It delivers a reversible capacity of approximately 100 mAh g -1 at an average voltage of 3.2 V in half-cell, and the full cell achieves an energy density of 210 Wh kg -1 when paired with a hard carbon anode, which exhibits a high-rate capability and excellent cycling stability.
Although doping is an effective method to improve the electrochemical performance of MnO2 birnessite, most of the reported approaches have only reported the interlayer doping of guest ions and thus resulted in only partially improved storage capacity for aqueous Na-ion storage.
To combine both approaches, Na-SSBs featuring solid electrolytes such as beta-alumina and NaSICON (Ma and Tietz, 2020) and cathode materials such as Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (Gopalakrishnan and Rangan, 1992) and Na x CoO 2 (Doeff et al., 1995) have been developed over the past years.
In sodium ion batteries, the N-MoS 2 -Ti 3 C 2 electrode exhibited the initial capacity of 294.2 mAh•g -1 at 1 A•g -1 , and maintained a stable specific capacity of 209.3 mAh•g -1 after 500 cycles, better than that of MoS 2 -Ti 3 C 2 (79.0 mAh•g -1 ) and MoS 2 (30.8 mAh•g -1 ).
However, there has been a resurgent interest in sodium-ion batteries due to the lower cost and far greater abundance of sodium relative to lithium, which offers advantages for emerging large-scale applications such as electric vehicles and grid-scale electrical energy storage .
Graphite secondary particles tend to generate more deformation under the increasing pressure and less rebound after releasing, however, the spherical hard carbon is more resilient, which enables the powder system generate more voids, forming evenly dispersed void in electrodes.
While significant challenges remain in scaling laboratory breakthroughs to commercial reality, the strategic advantages of sodium-ion technology, including resource abundance, safety, and superior LT performance position it as a critical enabler of the global energy transition.
This method tackles the poor sodiation degree of P2-type sodium layered oxides, thus overcoming the first irreversible capacity as demonstrated by manufacturing and testing all solid-state Na doped-Na ~1Mn 0.8 Fe 0.1 Ti 0.1 O 2 || PEO-based polymer electrolyte || Na full cells.
The extremely small volume change during the phase transformations results in the material being extremely stable during the charge-discharge processes. 106 NASICON (Na + superionic conductor)-type materials have been extensively studied as solid electrolytes in Na-S batteries.
The resistance was measured in a three-electrode cell using the intermittent current interruption (ICI) method (Fig. 7). 26 This revealed bismuth has a significantly lower resistance than hard carbon electrodes, 5,27 despite the relatively high massloading of the bismuth anode.
Similar mechanistic insights regarding transition metal migration and the (de)intercalation mechanism close to the charged state in sodium-based systems would help to facilitate the development of sodium-ion battery positive electrodes with improved electrochemical performance.
Further sodiation dynamics analysis based on first-principle calculations shows that the hybridization of graphene with TiO 2 nanocrystals provides a more feasible channel at the graphene-TiO 2 interface for sodium intercalation/deintercalation with a much lower energy barrier.
Considering that many factors such as cycle life, energy density, power density and manufacturing cost need to be comprehensively investigated and balanced in practical application, at present, only low-cost hard carbon anode is the best choice for practical application of SIBs.
This reasonably explains why FArGO electrodes exhibit outstanding rate performance and cycling stability: the main sodium storage capacity is contributed by capacitive behavior, and capacitive behavior reaction kinetics are fast and do not cause volume expansion of the material.
Furthermore, it can suppress the kinetics of other elemental reactions, i.e., desolvation and diffusion of sodium ions/atoms in a pseudographitic layer 40 during propagation of the cluster into inner pores like the core-shell model, 15 as illustrated in the reaction coordinates.
Here, using constrained random phase approximation (cRPA) method, we self-consistently evaluate the Coulomb U and Hund J values for representative layered cathode materials including not only Li compounds but also Na compounds; LiCoO2, LiNiO2, LiMnO2, NaCoO2, NaNiO2, and NaMnO2.
Likewise, the calculated formation energies of NVPF, 25% K doped NVPF and 50% K doped NVPF after two sodium ions extracted from the structures were 1.19 eV, 0.89 eV and -1.19 eV, respectively, meaning that the second Na + could be extracted the most easily from 50% K doped NVPF.
S18 and S19, ESI †) of a sample after the first reduction showed an increasing intensity of C-C species with etching depth, which is associated with contributions from the hard carbon located underneath the SEI layer. 82 The C 1s peaks corresponding to O-containing species (i.e.
For NaNMMT cell chemistries, values of between 69-140 kg per CO 2 eq. per kWh can be found, 19,20,30 though with different assumptions regarding cell housing, hard carbon precursor and manufacturing energy demand, all parameters with relevant inuence on the total GHG emissions.
In Na-ion cells with Sb 2 S 3 NP electrodes, CV measurements showed three peaks at ca. 1, 0.7, and 0.27 V associated with formation of a SEI layer/intercalation of sodium ions into Sb 2 S 3 , conversion, and alloying reactions, respectively (Fig. 3a, see Figure S12 for details).
The carbonized leaf membrane possesses anisotropic surfaces and internal hierarchical porosity, exhibiting a high specific capacity of 360 mAh/g and a high initial Coulombic efficiency of 74.8% as a binder-free, current collector-free anode for rechargeable sodium ion batteries.
In this work, mille-feuille shaped hard carbons derived from low-cost and environmentally friendly polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP) nanofibres are fabricated via simple electrostatic spinning and followed by further pyrolysis at 800-1200 C, as anode materials for sodium ion batteries.
Zhang's group prepared sulfur-doped mesoporous carbons through pyrolysis of MOF-5 using sulfur powders as the sulfur source. 47 Sulfur doping (mainly in the form of C-S-C and CvS) could enlarge the interlayer spacing of carbon and contribute more active sites for sodium storage.
A K-ion half batteries, by using potassium anode and Prussian blue (PB) thin film cathode, tested in nonaqueous electrolyte (1M KBF 4 in 3:7 EC/EMC) were first studied by Ali Eftekhari in 2004, and this battery showed an excellent cyclability for more than 500 reversible cycles.
To assemble the Hard Carbon‖PBAs-NMT10 (1:2.52) pouch cell, twelve high-loading positive electrodes (135 mm*77.5 mm, Al foil current collector) were paired with thirteen Hard Carbon negative electrodes (141 mm*83.5 mm, Al foil current collector) in a sandwich-type configuration.
There seems to be a consensus about the first storage phenomenon, i.e. adsorption of sodium ions on the various defects (heteroatoms, structural defects, carbon edges …) of hard carbons: it is attributed to the slope region of the galvanostatic cycling signal for higher voltage.
First-principles calculations and electrochemical kinetic studies confirm that the ultra-small Bi 2 Te 3 /rGO composite material can effectively mitigate volumetric expansion, preserve electrode integrity, and enhance electron transfer, Na-ion adsorption, and diffusion capacity.
The calculation of a DRT from impedance data not only provides valuable insights into the sodiation mechanism of hard carbon anodes, but also provides guidelines for the tailored design of high-capacity sodium storage materials, as well as their electrochemical characterization.
We demonstrate excellent Na||Cu half-cell results in coin cell configuration, and the scalability of the anodefree concept is further demonstrated, by plating and stripping of sodium metal on copper foils 10-fold larger (>10 cm 2 ) than in other studies in coin cells (~1 cm 2 ).
High current density operation in all-solid-state batteries with hard carbon and closo-borate solid electrolytes has been reported. 22 The interfacial resistance between the hard carbon and the borate solid electrolyte was smaller than that of the hard carbon-liquid electrolyte.
The evolution of the Na-ion MSDs vs. time for the three doped compositions under investigation (SbW3, SbW6, SbW12.5) is reported in Fig. 6a, together with the calculated diffusion coefficients (Fig. 6b), obtained by linearly tting the central portion of the MSD vs. time curves.
In this study, atomistic simulation methods (including molecular dynamics) are used to investigate the effect of lattice strain on ion transport and defect formation in olivine-type LiFePO 4 and NaFePO 4 , as these properties are directly related to their intercalation behaviour.
This conguration delivers exceptional electrochemical performance, including a record-high initial capacity of 161.8 mA h g -1 (20 mA g -1 ) among Prussian blue analogues (PBAs), a good rate capability (54.3 mA h g -1 at 500 mA g -1 ), and 64% capacity retention aer 250 cycles.
Composites of reduced graphene oxides (rGOs) with transition metal dichalcogenides have garnered considerable attention as promising anode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) because of their superior theoretical capacity and long-term stability compared with pure graphene.
KEYWORDS SnS 2 ; Graphene fiber fabric; Binder-free electrode; Practical capacity; Sodium-ion batteries The development of clean energy is one of the center topics in sustainable society, because of the shortage of nonrenewable energy resources as well as environmental pollution.
Overall, the lack of a mechanistic understanding of glide transitions and the inability to control them is preventing the development of otherwise promising layered Na-ion cathode materials, which are significantly more susceptible to glide transitions than their Li counterparts.
The inferior cycling performance of the KNVO-I sample is caused mainly by the lower pinning effect, while the increased Na occupancy in the KNVO-III sample enhances the electrostatic repulsion between VO 6 octahedra (Supplementary Table 2), and limits the Na-ion diffusion 14,33 .
With the applied recycling model, the low-value SIB and LIB (NaMMO, NaPBA and LiFP in the present assessment) show, depending on the considered impact category, only limited environmental bene-ts or even additional impacts from the hydrometallurgical recycling of the black mass.
Given that the non-uniform distribution of Na-ions predominantly occurs in the near-surface/interface region of the particle, it is proposed to introduce appropriate dopants as pillars into the Na layer at the interface to regulate Na-ion diffusion and phase transition processes.
Despite its widespread application, Li-ion technology is rapidly reaching its own limits in terms of energy density, with very few chemical design alternatives for substantial improvement. 1,2 Na-ion batteries (SIBs) are regarded as a promising 3,4 alternative to Liion batteries.
Here, we report a powerful but easy approach for preparing binder-free self-standing NASICON-type electrodes, namely, a NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /CNFs (NTP/CNFs) anode and a Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /CNFs (NVP/CNFs) cathode, with efficient electronic/ionic conductivity and a high mass loading.
The electrochemical behavior of hard carbons, common anode materials, in lithium-ion batteries has been studied in detail. 22,39 Part of the experience can be used as a guide to explain the storage behavior of potassium ions in hard carbons, but cannot be completely appropriated.
Overall, the above discussion suggests that the coating process forms a highly conductive coating layer that facilitates the enhanced diffusion of charge species along with the insertion of more Na-ions owing to the numerous defects induced by the N-species in the PDA-derived C .
For example, Toumar et al. used DFT calculations to generate theoretical electrochemical voltages curves for various O3-type layered oxides. 301 Fig. 24 shows an example of the computed voltage curve for O3-type Na x CrO 2 , along with the predicted groundstate vacancy orderings.
After correction, obtained intensities are scaled into absolute units using water as a reference material. 80 wt% hard carbon, 10 wt% carbon black (Timcal SuperP) and 10 wt% polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) are mixed in Nmethylpyrrolidone (NMP) until obtaining a homogeneous slurry.
In this work, we have designed and synthesized a series of multi-element P2-type Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.23 Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 (CuMgTi-571, y = 0.01; CuMgTi-552, y = 0.02; CuMgTi-533, y = 0.03) layered cathodes with different configurational entropy and {010} active facets.
Wang et al. 21 explored the sodium storage properties of reduced graphene oxide and discovered that it demonstrates high capacity and prolonged cycling stability at elevated current densities, attaining a reversible capacity of 174.3 mA h g -1 at a current density of 40 mA g -1 .
On the other hand, in studies regarding substrate-stabilized catalyst structure 11 , unexpectedly, Qiao et al. 9 discovered that Prussian blue analogues (PBA) facilitate urea oxidation on low-valence nickel sites, effectively preventing catalyst reconstruction over short periods.
Benefiting from the prominent property, fluorine plays an important role in the development of lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) and sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) in terms of cathode materials (transition metal fluorides, fluorinated polyanionic compounds), electrolytes, and interfaces.
This provides the theoretical basis of defect engineering for designing the anode materials of sodium-ion batteries with good performance. 1.31 g of 2-methylimidazole and 200 mL of methanol were mixed in a 250 mL beaker and magnetically stirred until a clear solution was reached.
The SIB was assembled by a testtype cell (HS-cell, Hohsen Corp.) with an LTO sheet as a positive electrode and Na-metal foil as a negative electrode. 1 M NaPF 6 dissolved in mixed carbonate solvent [ethylene carbonate (EC): diethyl carbonate (DEC) = 1:1] was used for electrolyte.
A scalable strategy has been realized to produce anodic NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 and cathodic Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 supported on carbon nanotube fabrics (CNFs) as binder-free, metal current collector-free, carbon additive-free, bendable and self-standing electrodes for sodium-ion batteries.
Cathode materials being the key component that drives the energy density of this chemistry, many efforts have been devoted to explore and develop the most suitable positive electrode materials with large reversible capacity, fast sodium insertion/extraction and good cyclability .
Goodenough et al. reported a symmetric SIB with the sodium superionic conductor (NASICON)-structured Na 3 MnTi(PO 4 ) 3 as both the anode and the cathode in an aqueous electrolyte, and it achieved a well-defined voltage plateau of about 1.4 V and excellent performance stability .
The inhibition of Na + /vacancy and charge ordering can suppress interlayer slip and phase transitions, thereby enhancing structural stability. Thus, the selection of elements and modulation of TMO 2 slabs are critical for designing O3-phase high-entropy sodium cathode materials.
In this work, a double design host and guest strategy (i.e., implantation of a polar V 2 O 3 adsorbent into a carbon substrate and selenium doping of a sulfur guest) is proposed to synergistically reinforce the electrochemical properties of sulfur electrodes in sodium ion storage.
It provides the corresponding inventory data for five different types of SIB and compares their environmental impacts with those of competing LIB, taking into account the full life cycle (cradle-to-grave) and an individual cell dimensioning based on electrochemical considerations.
According to the Pourbaix Atlas, then, we expect Hf-O bonds would be considerably more stable than Zr-O bonds at high pH. 25 Based on this expectation, we present here a study a modied, Hf-substituted NaSICON, NaHf 2 P 3 O 12 (NHP), as an alkaline stable variation of the NaSICON.
This article presents two key discoveries: first that characteristics of hard carbon's structure can be modified systematically by heteroatom doping, and second, that these changes greatly affect Na-ion storage properties, which reveal the mechanisms for Na storage in hard carbon.
By integrating PEO with NASICON, the resulting composite electrolyte benefits from the high ionic conductivity and structural stability of NASICON, while also maintaining the flexibility and compatibility of PEO, making the system more suitable for practical battery applications .
In the light of conclusions showing that as already widely reported ( as example) upon discharge P3-Na x MO 2 converts to O3-Na 1 MO 2 , one can expect that this P3-type compound once fully discharged should convert in a biphasic process to O3-type which obviously is not the case.
We show that the self-passivation of the cathode/solid electrolyte interface makes the use of artificial protective layers redundant and enables the stable operation of a 4 V-class all-solid-state battery combining a sodium metal anode and a cobalt-free Na 3 (VOPO 4 ) 2 F cathode.
The previously calculated electrode voltages of TB compounds as LIB anodes are also shown for comparison, demonstrating that the average voltages for SIB are clearly lower than their LIB counterparts as in many other electrode materials due to lower redox potential of Na than Li .
The Brunauer-Emmett-Teller (BET) technique is a well-known technique for measuring the surface area of carbonaceous materials with micropores. 67 Chen et al. 38 fabricated micro-spherical hard carbons with type I isotherms that indicate the microporosity of the material (Fig. 1d).
Due to the abundance and affordability of sodium, sodium-ion batteries are expected to become important in applications where cost-effectiveness and sustainability take precedence over energy density, such as in large-scale energy storage for the grid and stationary power systems.
The lack of mechanistic understanding of Na-ion storage in hard carbon has, indeed, slowed the progress toward tailor-designed hard carbon structures for high capacity values, and the reported reversible desodiation capacity for typical hard carbon has rarely been above 300 mAh/g.
Carbonaceous materials, the common anode materials for lithium ion batteries, are considered as the attractive anode candidates for sodium ion batteries because of their good electrical conductivity, environmental friendly, low cost, and stable chemical and physical properties 8 .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a significant technological innovation, due to the abundance of sodium resources, superior safety features and lower cost, which can be promising alternative for lithium-ion batteries devices ascribing to their similar redox mechanisms .
Mn-Fe-based Prussian blue analogues (Mn-Fe PBAs; A x Mn [Fe(CN) 6 ] y , 1Ày $nH 2 O, where A ¼ alkali metal and , ¼ Fe(CN) 6 vacancy, i.e., a defect lacking the Fe(CN) 6 moiety) are cyanobridged coordination compounds with a crystal structure similar to that of Prussian blue (PB).
To circumvent this problem, various alternative forms of carbon materials have been studied i.e., commercial expanded graphite 23 , heteroatom doped graphene 21 , reduced graphene 24 , carbon nanofiber 25 , carbon-based composite materials, soft carbons and hard carbons (HCs) 26 .
In recent years, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have made great progress, and are expected to be one of the substitutes for widely commercialized lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), due to the abundant reserves of sodium resources and similar electrochemistry and operation mechanisms 1,2 .
Moreover, iron-based electrodes have been investigated for LIBs , indicating the potential for iron-based cathodes such as FeF 3 , FeF 2 , and Fe 2 (SO 4 ) 3 to be paired with solid-state electrolytes in solid-state sodium metal batteries, thereby further improving energy density.
Materials with low impurity contents (T 1 < 500 C), also display small d 002 peaks, indicating the formation of local graphitic domains, a characteristic of high capacity hard carbons. 19 The average layer spacing was calculated for obtained hard carbons using DIFFRAC.EVA soware.
The additional deposition of the film was hindered following the addition of Li salts; hence, the SEM image of the cycled O3-type positive electrode exhibits a rather clean surface in the case of the Li salt-added electrolyte compared with the FEC-added electrolyte case (Fig. 4d).
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted huge attention as a prospective alternative to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), particularly in large-scale energy storage because of the abundance and low price of Na resources, as well as similar chemical properties to the commercial LIB .
However, compared with lithium ions (0.76 Å), the larger ionic radius of sodium ions (1.02 Å) will cause various structural evolutions during the Na + insertion/extraction process, leading to problems such as deterioration of the host crystal structure and poor cycling stability .
In line with the proposed adsorption/intercalation mechanism, the plateau capacity arises from the embedding of Na + ions into the distorted pseudo-graphitic domains of the hard carbon when the voltage drops below 0.1 V, a phenomenon analogous to Li + ions insertion into graphite.
The HG0, HG1, HG3 and HG4 display initial coulombic efficiencies (ICEs) of 90.5%, 89.3%, 87.1% and 86% respectively, which follow a linear relationship as a function of the hard carbon content (S1 For the pure graphite sample of HG0, the capacity retention shows the lowest of 86%.
And the hydrothermal followed high temperature pyrolysis method was also confirmed an effective approach for betula platyphylla and sophora japonica leaf as precursor respectively to synthesis hard carbon of lamellar structure with enlarged nano-pores of tiny graphite-like domains.
Because of its relatively high ionic conductivity and thermostability, when in contact with the Na anode and the FePO 4 cathode, the NASICON ceramic electrolyte is a viable option for attaining reliable, safer and sustainable all-solid-state batteries operating at room temperature.
ZrSiO4 (Sigma-Aldrich, -325 mesh) and Na3PO4•12H2O (Sigma-Aldrich, >98%), SiO2 (Sigma-Aldrich) and NaCO3 (Fisher Scientific) powders were ball-milled in ethanol in a 2:0.6:0.4:0.8 molar ratio and subsequently dried by rotary evaporation before further drying under vacuum overnight.
This work addresses the future energy demand of LIBs and their potential near-term competitors, sodium-ion batteries, by quantifiying the cradle-to-gate and cradle-to-cradle cumulative energy demand for largeformat prismatic cells, using primary machinery data on gigafactory scale.
It is particularly interesting that sodium ions are apparently inserted into both adsorption sites simultaneously, whereas lithium is rst stored between carbon layers and is then inserted into pores. 33 The spectral shapes of HC-1300 and HC-1600 are mutually similar (Fig. 4 and5).
Nevertheless, sodium possessing the similar physical and chemical properties with lithium has almost infinite supply, and has attracted great attentions to develop room-temperature sodium-ion batteries (SIBs). Great efforts have been made in the design of SIBs with high efficiency.
Considering the composition Na x Mn 1/2 Ni 1/2 O 2 (Figure 2a), carbonate-free sample is achieved at 600 °C and the P3-type structure is maintained up to 850°C with evidences of NiO impurities in agreement with the already reported limited solubility of Ni in Na x Mn 1-y Ni y O 2 .
Furthermore, the slope of the line in the low-frequency region for WS 2 /NC electrode is much higher than that of the pure WS2 electrode, demonstrating the faster sodium-ion diffusion in the composite electrode during the electrochemically Na+ intercalation/deintercalation process.
Towards this end, lithium-ion conduction of mixed-metal NASICON-phases of the formula, LiM v M iii (PO 4 ) 3 , where M V = Nb, Ta; M iii = Al, Cr, Fe were examined to obtained a NASICON phase possessing intrinsic conducting properties similar to LiTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 but without Ti iv .
Although carbon-based addition improved the electrochemical properties of sulfide anodes in LIB/SIB applications, it is important to focus on fundamental issues such as material morphology or cell designation strategies that have far greater potential to be explored scientifically.
Polyanionic compounds, particularly Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3-2y O 2y (NVPF 3-2y O 2y , 0 # y # 1), have emerged as promising cathode materials for Na-ion batteries since they demonstrate electrochemical performances comparable or even superior to most layered transition metal oxides.
Figure 5e calculates that the migration energy barriers for Ni in the Na0.55 structure is 4.145 eV within the TM layer and 4.704 eV toward the interstitial tetrahedral 3b positions in the Na layer, which are significantly higher than those of 3.675 eV and 4.297 eV in Na1 (Fig. 5f).
PDC-450-1400 A demonstrated great sodium storage capability, achieving a reversible capacity of 330 mA h g À1 with a plateau region of 245 mA h g À1 at 50 mA g À1 current density (350 mA h g À1 with a plateau of 250 mA h g À1 at 25 mA g À1 ) and an 80% initial coulombic efficiency.
Since then, the extensive research and progresshave been taken place in the carboxilate group materials to improve the sodium ion batteries capacities and performance.The disodium terephthalate (Na 2 C 8 H 4 O 4 ) is an excellent performance anode material in the carboxilate group.
This work assists in laying a foundation for further understanding of the relationships between the factors that inuence the performance of hard carbon anodes and advances knowledge on how to computationally explore the potential use of hard carbon anodes for sodium-ion batteries.
Meanwhile, it was revealed by Jache et al. 16 and our group 17 that sodium can be reversibly stored in graphite through co-intercalation reactions, where solvated sodium ions are intercalated into the galleries of graphite, forming a ternary graphite intercalation compound (t-GIC).
One of its main drawbacks, which limited the diffusion of sodium technology, is the impossibility of using graphite as active material due to the bigger dimensions of sodium ions compared to lithium ones, together with the wider electrode's active material expansion during cycling.
In this study, we conducted an investigation on the active material of the sodium ion battery cathode to determine whether sodium manganese oxide (NMO) could be synthesized by the sol-gel method referring to the LMO synthesis process carried out in previous studies (Rahardi, 2016).
For instance, both silicon and graphite, which are wellknown anode materials with outstanding lithium ion storage properties, show negligible capacities for sodium ions. Extensive research toward new electrode materials is needed to advance the development of high-performance SIBs.
The promise of a high theoretical capacity (up to 946 mAh g -1 ) of antimony sulfide (Sb 2 S 3 ) has been plagued by a very low electronic conduction (< 1 × 10 -5 Scm -1 ), impractical Na + diffusion, and huge volume variations in the (de)sodiation process as an SIB anode material.
In this work, we discuss a more suitable approach in designing Na-ion battery (NIB) materials and NIB systems taking advantage of peculiar properties of sodium and we derive a method to predict the rate performance of insertion cathode materials directly from the crystal structure.
In contrast, the sodium ion is allowed to move almost freely along the furrow direction (X-direction) with an extremely large diffusion coefficient of 6.35 Â 10 À3 cm 2 s À1 at 300 K. which is veried by the direct observation of sodium diffusion trajectories presented in Fig. 10a.
Correspondingly, the intercalation mechanism often presents a voltage plateau in the low voltage range, providing most of the capacity and a lower average voltage. 71,76,77 The storage mechanism is closely bound up with the micro-nano structure of the hard carbon anodes themselves.
Despite the theoretical specific capacity of 113.6 mAh g -1 obtained from the de-intercalation of 8 Na-ions, the reversible specific capacity of 106.1 mAh g -1 achieved experimentally indicates almost full charge and discharge of the NaFe[O 3 PCH(OH)CO 2 ] layered-columnar material.
Since this kind of transition is a characteristic for covalently bonded selenium, we can assume that during the charge process of Na 2 Fe 2 Se 2 O, selenium oxidizes to its elemental state, and intercalation of sodium ions into electrochemically formed Se may occur during discharge.
To further validate the feasibility of above interphase engineering strategy, a biphasic P2/P3-NaMNO (Na 0.46 Mn 0.9 Ni 0.1 O 2 ) positive electrode material with uniform P2/P3 coherent interphases and three comparative samples (P2-NaMNO, P3-NaMNO, and P2/P3-NaMNO-PM) were prepared.
The cathodes were paired with sodium metal disc anodes (16 ϕ) in the presence of 0.5 M NaPF 6 in propylene carbonate:fluorinated ethylene carbonate at a ratio of 98:2 by volume in R2032 coin cells, of which both electrodes were separated by glass fiber separators (GBR100, Advantec).
Further DFT calculations of the voltage profiles based on the sodium intercalation energies in bulk TiO 2 -B with sodium concentrations of x ¼ 0.065-0.5 demonstrate an average discharging voltage of B1.0 V, slightly higher (B0.2 V) than the experimental value (Supplementary Fig. 4).
In the variable rate SXRD experiment, it was found that the two Na sites in the P2-type structure exhibit selective extraction, one of them presenting Na/Vac ordering which is preserved during cycling, which presumably assists in the stabilization of the P2 phase upon Na extraction.
Finally, the introduction of Ti 4+ into the layered structure contributes to suppressing the phase transition caused by the Jahn-Teller effect and promote sodium ions transfer kinetics, thereby improving the stability of the structure and prolonging the life of sodium ion batteries.
The materials utilised were a sodium transition metal layered oxide cathode and a hard carbon anode. 15 To compare the cycle life of a sodium-ion cell with different electrochemical formation protocols, a cell with no formation (F0) was compared to several formation voltage windows.
Regarding the structural stability upon (de)sodiation of these P2-type cathodes, Bruce et al. 27 has shown that Mg substitution in the P2-Na 2/3 Mg x Ni 1/3-x Mn 2/3 O 2 compounds can efficiently suppress the P2-O2 phase transition and thus improve their electrochemical performance.
Consequently, for HC-W, the capacitive-controlled contribution reached 44.9% at 0.1 mV s -1 , and when the scanning rate reached 2.0 mV s -1 , the capacitive contribution could reach 92.5% of the total capacity, indicating its fast kinetic behavior in the sodium-ion storage process.
The disparity in ion diffusion kinetics between the bulk and surface leads to uneven Na-ion concentration and phase structure, generating surface tensile stress and internal compressive stress, which drive the formation of microcracks-major contributors to mechanical failure 20,21 .
The equation of a line of best fit, which correlates the experimentally measured reduction potential of the SIB quinone cathode materials to the DFT-calculated gas phase LUMOenergies of the quinone molecules, is given by: B3LYP is the predicted reduction potential at the B3LYPlevel.
In our previous work , we presented the complex analysis of the structural, transport, and electrochemical properties of Na 0.67 Fe 1-y Mn y O 2 (y = 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, and 0.8) materials, which crystallize in layered P2-type crystal structure with hexagonal P 6 3 /mmc space group.
Moreover, it was recently demonstrated that hard carbons can deliver additional reversible capacity when being charged until the nucleation of sodium starts (e.g. without potential limit), which is mainly governed by the crystallization overpotential at values slightly below 0 V vs.
Expanding on this work, the authors here describe the synthesis protocols, structural evaluations, and electrochemical behavior of a new mixed polyanionic compound, NaFe 2-x V x (PO 4 )(SO 4 ) 2 with a NASICON crystal structure as a potential cathode material for Na + ion batteries.
Using a solid-state synthesis route, NASICON (Na 3- Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 ) pellets produced from nanopowder precursors were found to produce improved morphology, higher density and therefore substantially higher ionic conductivities than those produced from larger macro-scale precursors.
On the other hand, poor kinetics of Na + within solid electrolytes often degrades the cyclability of the batteries made of solid electrolytes as the Fig. 1 Cyclic stability of the symmetric sodium-ion batteries using NASICON-structured electrodes 1 3 bridge for Na + transportation .
As promising alternatives to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted increasing attention, by virtue of the low cost and natural abundance of sodium salts, in combination with a suitable redox potential (-2.71 V vs. the standard hydrogen electrode) .
By replacing flammable organic liquid electrolytes with solid electrolytes (SEs), solid-state sodium-ion batteries (SSSB) promise not only higher safety, but also potentially enable higher voltage cathodes, metal anodes, and stacking architectures to achieve higher energy densities.
Moreover, the presence of closed pores can sieve out the solvated Na + to limit the electrolyte decomposition, thereby contributing to high ICE values of hard carbon anodes. 16 Beyond nanoscale optimization, the macroscopic architecture of hard carbons plays an equally pivotal role.
This study strategically employs sulfolane, a highly oxidation-resistant compound, to enhance the stability of O3-type layered oxide cathodes when subjected to elevated voltage by optimizing both the solvation structure of Na + and the interphase between the cathode and electrolyte.
Koposov, bc Gustavo Pinz ón, d Geoff West a and Ivana Hasa * a Tin (Sn) is a promising anode material for sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) due to its high theoretical capacity, good conductivity and higher density compared to hard carbon, which could significantly increase energy density.
In summary, a unique structure of Sb 2 S 3 @Sb@C with strong interfacial chemical bond was designed to promote the lithium/sodium storage performance of Sb 2 S 3 by a facile one-step heat treatment of low-cost natural stibnite and carbon dots with oxygen-containing functional groups.
Polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF, 99.5%, Alfa Aesar), N-Methyl pyrrolidone (NMP, 99.5%, Alfa Aesar), hard carbon (average particle size of 1.1 nm; in-house prepared via bottom-up ZnO-assisted bulk etching strategy 66 ), acetylene black (99.5%, Alfa Aesar, average particle size: 300 nm).
A further analysis of the relationships between structural stability and cycling stability requires aggrandized volumes of experimental data on the aggregated structures of SIB cathode materials at their associated cycle numbers, which is currently lacking in the reported literature.
In total the polyanion sodium cathode material dataset contains 113532 structures with atomic charge and 184612 structures without atomic charge for four polyanion sodium cathode materials,NaTMPO 4 (olivine), NaTMPO 4 (maricite), Na 2 with transition mteal ions TM ∈ {Fe, Mn, Co, Ni}.
The rst point to note is that the formation of the antisite defect for NaFePO 4 is more favourable than for the Li analogue, in agreement with previous studies. 46 Interestingly, the dependence of this defect formation parameter on the applied strain is more for the Na-based system.
Particularly, the higher I D /I G value of Fe 7 S 8 /FeS 2 /NCNT (0.86) than those of Fe 7 S 8 / NCNT (0.81) and FeS 2 /NCNT (0.80) means that the more defects generated in the heterostructure, offering extra active sites and contributing to improving the sodium storage performance .
This work delineates the thermal safety of full-scale sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) by interrogating the material-level electrochemical and thermal responses of micro and nano-structured tin (Sn) based anodes and sodium vanadium phosphate (NVP) cathodes in suitable electrolyte systems.
Benefiting from the enlarged nano-pores of tiny graphite-like domains and the thin sheet structure with mesopores, the derived carbon delivered a high reversible capacity of 318 mAh g -1 at a current rate of 20 mA g -1 and excellent rate capability as the anode of sodium-ion battery.
Building on this understanding, we develop a series of Na/Cl-DC HNISEs (Na x ZrCl 4+x , Na x Er 0.4 Zr 0.6 Cl 3.6+x , and Na x Yb 0.25 Zr 0.75 Cl 3.75+x ) that achieve the highest conductivities and lowest activation energy (E a ) under an optimized balance of vacantsites and Na-ion.
Therefore, the Warburg impedance of SPC-180 electrode is smaller than that of SPC-120, which is benecial to the charge transfer and the Na-ion storage properties. 20 Pseudocapacitive Na + storage based on the fast absorption/ desorption kinetics can realize the high rate capability.
This underscores the need for in situ characterization to monitor how ether-derived SEI forms and how its microstructure and composition evolve during charging and discharging The mainstream cathodes for SIBs include layered oxides, Prussian blue compounds, and polyanionic compounds.
Compared to the highly ordered birnessite structure with single Na + intercalation/deintercalation, birnessite with abundant Mn vacancies typically shows a reduced ability to lock in the interlayer crystal water, which facilitates the insertion and extraction of hydrated sodium ions.
As shown in Supplementary Fig. 5, similar to most P2-type cathode materials, both Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.23 Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 and NaMNO 2 cathodes exhibit multiple pairs of redox peaks, corresponding to a series of phase transition reactions occurring during charge/discharge.
Na-ion full cells with graphite anodes, Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 cathodes, and an optimal ether-based electrolyte presented an outstanding electrochemical performance, with one of the highest voltages of about 3.1 V and the competitive highenergy density of 149 Wh kg -1 both electrodes .
R2032 half cells were assembled with the hard carbon electrodes (8 mm in diameter) as the working electrode, 80 µL NaFSI/C 3 mpyrFSI was used as the electrolyte, Na foil (10 mm in diameter) (Sigma-Aldrich) as the counter electrode along with a Solupor ® separator (19 mm in diameter).
In sharp contrast, the presence of two pyridine ring structures in the Na-DCA could increase the available active sites and provide resonance stability during insertion/de-insertion of Na-ions (Scheme 1e), thus enabling four sodium-ion storage and a high specific capacity for Na-DCA.
For a series of 3 samples with comparable (glucose-derived) HC microstructure but with different macroporosity, it is found that a decreased size of the carbon domains leads to a higher contribution of irreversible processes, but also increases the reversible sodium storage capacity.
Differently, the DAP-HC shows the lowest Z W value, further demonstrating that the DAP-assisted pre-oxidation treatment for the kapok precursor enables the engineering of the pseudographitic, porous and surface chemical structure in the nal hard carbon matrix for fast Na + transfer.
Vast material, structural, and compositional options for alloying anodes need immense experimental and theoretical screening using the latest machine-learning tools to determine their compatibility with commercially successful cathodes to achieve high-performing SIB cells ultimately.
The NaTMO 2 (TM = Mn, Co) exhibits an excellent sodium-ion diffusion coefficient (D Na ), ranging from 10 -7 to 10 -12 cm 2 •s⁻ 1 across different states of charge (SoC), as determined by GITT and it is found that the α -phase demonstrates a higher diffusion coefficient then β-phase .
In total, 1747 articles on sodium cathode materials were filtered (See document classification for detailed filtering strategies) from a corpus of 63447 articles from Elsevier and Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) publishers and a dataset of 5265 instances were extracted automatically.
Previously, bright field imaging in (S)TEM has been prefered for this type of structures. We show that the use of iDPC in combination with ADF STEM imaging at low voltage (80kV) has paramount benefits for the investigation of hard carbons, while no significant beam damage is observed.
Recently, Sb porous hollow microspheres presented by Hou et al. have shown a good SIB alloying anode potential, delivering an ICE of 64.6% (a charging capacity of 634.6 mAh g -1 at 100 mA g -1 ) with a reasonable rate performance of about 313 mAh g-a over 100 cycles at 3,200 mA g -1 .
The intrinsically high discharge voltages and the exceptionally stable electrochemical performance of the Na 3 Ni 2 BiO 6 system during initial lab measurements suggest that both the structure and chemistry of this phase are very favorable for rechargeable Na-ion battery applications.
The applicability of the cellulose-PAN-Al 2 O 3 composite separator was verified in full cells fabricated with a NaCrO 2 cathode // hard carbon anode in a conventional carbonate electrolyte for long-term cycling, resulting in capacity retention of 82% at a rate of 10 C for 500 cycles.
Reprinted (adapted) with permission. 64 Copyright 2018, American Chemical Society. 84 Copyright 2020, Elsevier. (e)-(g) Schematics for the K-ion storage mechanism in soybeans-derived hard carbon at low, medium, and high temperatures with increasing graphitization levels, respectively.
During charging, the Na+ detaches from the positive electrode and is embedded in the negative electrode through the electrolyte, while the electrons flow through the external circuit to the negative electrode to maintain the charge balance between the positive and negative electrodes.
The Na-vacancy orderings at NaNb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , Na 2 Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , and Na 3 Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 compositions were enumerated using the pymatgen 51 package within the primitive cell (containing two Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 formula units) and a 2 × 1 × 1 supercell of the primitive NASICON structure.
Recently, Na-ion batteries (NIBs) have drawn increasing attention as a feasible alternative to commercial Li-ion batteries (LIBs) in the energy storage field because Na has a rechargeable electrochemical reaction similar to Li of LIBs and is more widespread and abundant than lithium .
The specific capacity of our N-GHC in SIBs is higher than natural graphite 55 , N-carbon nanofibers 56 , and is comparable to other reported literatures, like expanded graphite 57 , ion-catalyzed hard carbon 10 , carbon nanofibers 58 , defective graphene 59 etc. as listed in Table S2.
However, the use of these batteries still needs to be considered due to low electrical conductivity and structural degradation. Therefore, recent research has turned back to studying the Na-ion system and is moving forward quickly through the fruitful achievements of Liion technology.
In this structure, the porous carbon nanotube core can provide a certain flexibility and resist the mechanical stress during charge and discharge, while the MoS 2 shell assembled by 2D nanosheets exhibits good sodium storage performance (~400 mAh g -1 after 5,000 cycles in 2 A g -1 ).
For the halfcell, the prepared active materials were used as the cathode, a homemade sodium metal sheet was used as anode, the electrolyte was 1.0 M NaPF 6 dissolved in diethylene glycol dimethyl ether (DIGLYME) and a glass fiber filter paper (GF/D, Whatman) was used as the separator.
While, due to the insulation of [PO4] unit and the large deformation of NVPF, the electronic conductivity of NVPF is very low (2.4×10 -12 S cm -1 ), particularly together with the sluggish sodium ion diffusion via NVPF crystal, eventually causing low capacity and poor rate capability.
As we all know, Although O3 materials have a high capacity, O3-type materials usually require more diffusion energy barrier through intermediate tetrahedral sites during sodium ion extraction/insertion, and thus are accompanied by unsatisfactory rate performance and cycling stability.
However, the Li-ILT, Na-ILT, K-ILT, and Cs-ILT materials shown in Figure 3f have large Coulombic efficiencies of over 98% after their 8th, 11th, 8th, and 9th cycles, respectively, showing that all present samples have high reversibility of sodium-ion storage capacity after activation.
The cathode materials of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have received considerable attention not only because of their abundant natural reserves and chemical properties similar to those of lithium-ion batteries but also their great potential in energy storage and conversion technologies.
The local pH values in the close vicinity of the cathode/anode were experimentally determined to be strongly acidic/weakly basic, respectively, under the operation of a high-voltage aqueous sodium-ion battery having Prussian blue-type electrodes and a concentrated aqueous electrolyte.
Most of the modication strategies and manufacturing technologies of LIB cathode materials can be adapted for Na x TMO 2 , making them more feasible for industrial production compared to other SIB cathode materials. In general, Na x TMO 2 can be categorized as O3-, O2-, P3-and P2-type.
Because of the "spectator effect" of nano-sized alkaline earth oxides (such as CaO) and the unique properties of vanadium (multivalent and strong V-O bond strength), alkaline earth metal vanadates are expected to exhibit both high capacity and long-term cycling stability as SIB anodes.
The two reduction peaks of MoSe 2 /NC in the second cycle appear at similar potentials of 1.7 and 1.3 V, which actually should correspond to two potential plateaus in the discharge curves, further suggesting that the Na-ion storage mechanism of MoSe 2 should be analogous to that of Se.
A NASICON ceramic solid electrolyte 11 was used as the oxide-based solid electrolyte, and epoxy-NASICON solid electrolyte pellets were prepared by filling the internal pores with an epoxy-resin polymer material 26 , thereby confirming the possibility of using the electrolyte in an NIB.
LT operation severely degrades SIB performance due to reduced electrolyte ionic conductivity and increased viscosity (governed by Arrhenius kinetics), sluggish Na + diffusion/desolvation at interfaces, and exacerbated Na dendrite growth from plating and high SEI ion-diffusion barriers.
Following chemical oxidation, no significant cation removal was observed after mixing with NOBF4 at RT, and only a small quantity of (mostly) Na + cations was extracted using NO2BF4 at 70 °C, generating a multiphase mixture with an average composition of Ca0.93Na0.7V2(PO4)3 (Figure 3).
To date, some in situ X-ray diffraction studies of materials in Na-ion batteries have been published, both from laboratory and synchrotron X-ray sources, but none of them have focused on the degradation mechanisms of the electrode materials by overcharge or mid-term cycling, until now.
Meanwhile, the O3-type structure formation should be caused by a re-organization of the layer, which might be induced by a slight temperature increase and interaction with high-energy Na atoms during the sodium evaporation process under ultra-high vacuum conditions (10 -8 -10 -9 mbar).
It is suggested that the CeO 2 modification enhances not only the maximum discharge capacity, but also the electric conductivity and the sodium ion diffusivity, resulting in a significant enhancement of the cycling stability and the kinetic characteristics of the P2-type oxide cathode.
Due to the highly porous nanocubic structure with FeP nanoparticles distributed in the carbon scaffold, the as-obtained FeP/C composite showed remarkable sodium storage performance in terms of high capacity (410 mA h g -1 at 100 mA g -1 ), excellent rate capability and long cycle life.
These arrangements provide Na storage via reversible sodium insertion-transition metal extrusion by generation of crystalline NaCrS 2 -like intermediates similar to lithium insertion-copper extrusion reactions earlier found for Cu 2.33 V 4 O 11 , CuTi 2 S 4 , CuCrS 4 , or CuCr 2 Se 4 .
Na x MnO 2 with 2D structures have two polymorphs, which is classified into α-NaMnO 2 (space group C2/m) and β-NaMnO 2 (space group Pmnm) at low-temperature and high-temperature form, respectively . α-NaMnO 2 is monoclinic O3 layered structure owing to Jahn-Teller distortion of Mn 3+ .
In order to reduce the irreversibility effect of the Na 3 Co 0.5 -Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 material, mainly in the cathode side in the rst cycle, cycled Na 3 Co 0.5 Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 electrodes in the half-cells are used as both the positive and negative electrode in sodium-ion full-cells.
Electrochemical results revealed different sodiation-desodiation trends in the galvanostatic potential profiles and varying ICE, and were compared with theoretical studies to understand the effect of the varying hard carbon structure on the sodium storage process at different voltages.
Ether-based electrolytes have been developed rapidly in the last three years due to their unique ''Na + -solvent'' effects and low reduction potential, making them well adapted to sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which is crucial for optimizing low-temperature and rate performance of SIBs.
And sodium ion full cell was reported with a layered NaNi 0.5 Ti 0.5 O 2 cathode and a hard carbon anode exhibiting a reversible capacity of 93 mA h g À1 . 33 Electrospinning has been used widely in both academic research and industrial applications as a simple and versatile technique.
In addition, the EDS line scan results indicate a gradual increase in the Na-ion concentration from the surface to the core, stabilizing at ~90 nm (Fig. 6i), which directly demonstrates the presence of an ion concentration gradient within the NFMMT particles at the fully charged state.
The B-doped O3-type NaLi 1/9 Ni 2/9 Fe 2/ 9 Mn 4/9 B 1/50 O 2 (NLNFMB) exhibits a higher reversible capacity of 160.5 mA h g -1 at 0.1C (25 mA g -1 ) and cycling stability with 82.8% after 200 cycles at 1C (250 mA g -1 ) in a half cell, compared with that of the undoped pristine NLNFM.
In this study, we report the preparation, physicochemical and electrochemical characterizations of a Nb-doped P2-type cathode active material (i.e., Na 0.78 Ni 0.31 Mn 0.67 Nb 0.02 O 2 hereinafter P2-NaMNNb) capable of efficient battery cycling at low temperatures (LTs) such as -40 °C.
However, the number of potential combinations to generate ion vacancies is quite large, making it impractical to be evaluated using atomistic simulations. 58 The intermediate phases in the system share the same host structure, where sodium ions and vacancies occupy a common sublattice.
Also, the fact that this relationship is preserved across the entire range of synthesised hard carbons suggests that any distribution in pore shape morphology remains constant for all the hard carbons, and it is merely the average pore size that is altered by the synthesis temperature.
We synthesized a ZMO/NG nanocomposite via simple sonication, consisting of hydrothermally prepared ZnMn 2 O 4 akes, composed of nanoparticles along with nitrogen doped graphene and the resultant composite has been exploited as anode material for sodium ion batteries for the rst time.
Layered transition metal oxides (LTMOs) are regarded as a compelling candidate for the prospective commercialization of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), attributed to their simplistic architectural design, elevated operating potential window, and the feasibility of synthesis and tailoring.
This improvement in Na⁺ adsorption can be attributed to the bonding between Se and S atoms, as well as the larger radius of the Se atom, which creates protruding structures on the Mn-based materials, increasing the interlayer spacing and boosting the sodium-ion energy storage capacity.
Hence, insertion materials like NASICON-type (sodium super ionic conductor) compounds are widely studied, as they possess many vacant spaces for Na + ion diffusion, promoting fast kinetics. 9 Sodium vanadium phosphate (Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , NVP) is a typical NASICON structured material.
To investigate the collaborative optimization mechanism of quantum-size effect and 3D porous structure on Na + storage and transport kinetics, the electrochemical behavior based on prepared MXene, FeS 2 /MXene, Fe 2+ /MXene and FeS 2 QD/MXene anodes was examined in sodium-ion halfcells.
The Fe 7 S 8 /FeS 2 heterostructures can induce a large number of lattice defects and rapid charge transfer, which together with the excellent electronic conductivity and sufficient buffer space offered by the NCNT, contribute to boosting the electrochemical sodium storage performance .
A high average ICE of 98.21% (standard deviation: 1.55%) can be reached by simply prolonging the aging time to achieve sufficient desolvation, which is significantly higher than the recently reported ICE data (generally below 92%) using advanced hard carbons and optimized electrolytes .
Currently, the sodium storage mechanism of hard carbon materials is still controversial and there are four prevailing mechanistic models, including the insertion-adsorption model 11,19,20 , adsorption-intercalation model , three-stage model 15,16 , and adsorption-filling model 6,24,25 .
In conclusion, 3D MoS 2 /GO composite has been prepared using SiO 2 nanospheres as template through layer-bylayer method. 3D MoS 2 /GO possesses 3D macroporous structure with rich channels and high specific surface area, and shows super performance as electrode for sodium-ion batteries.
A direct correlation between the specific cumulative volume of pores smaller than 0.7 nm (ultramicropores) with the respective sodium storage capacity in cellulose-derived carbon showed decreasing sloping capacity and increasing plateau-like capacity with decreasing ultramicroporosity .
As already mentioned above, one of the reasons why HCs were gradually substituted by graphite in commercial LIB cells, and one of the main limitations in current SIB research, is the relatively high irreversible capacity due to the formation of a solid electrolyte interface (SEI) layer.
Compared to some transition metal suldes, selenides have higher electrical conductivity and better absorption coefficients, which enable them to have good electrochemical performances in secondary battery systems. 4 To date, many metal selenides have been prepared for Na-ion batteries.
Furthermore, Fig. 5i presents calculations indicating that the migration energy barrier distributions of Mn, Fe, Ni, and Li in Na0.55, Na0.65, Na0.83, and Na1 are all positively correlated with the R values (Supplementary Table 6), which is in agreement with our aforementioned analysis.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have received increased attention in the past decade as a complementary technology to lithiumion batteries (LIBs) primarily driven by the surging demands for critical materials in the electric vehicle market leading to potentially severe supply chain shocks .
In addition to layered oxides, the polyanionic compound NVPF (Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 ) is also of great interest as a positive electrode in Na-ion cells 25,26 since it shows high-voltage plateaus near 3.6 and 4.2 V, whose equal amplitudes provide a cumulative capacity ofB110 mAh g À 1 .
As is known, hard electrolytic materials can be grouped in three main fields: anion conductors with fluorite structure, cation conductors with β-and β′′-Al 2 O 3 structures, and cation conductors with NASICON structure, the ion transport number of which is well established to be >0.99 .
Petrochemical-derived Pitch was also used for the synthesis of hard carbon; however, pre-oxidation treatments or mixtures with precursors containing oxygen (lignin, phenolic resin, reduced graphite oxide) have been used to avoid the graphitization of pitch and formation of soft carbon .
Appreciably, many emerging cathodes, such as NaCoO 2 , NaMnO 2 , P2-Na 0.66 [Ni 0.33 Mn 0.66 ]O 2 , NaV 6 O 8 , Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP), and others, have shown promise for coupling with SIB anodes to provide a working potential in the range of 3-4 V and a capacity of 100-200 mAh g -1 .
While SIB cathodes have now reached similar performance to LIB cathodes Low cost and high Na-ion storage capacity are the major considerations for pre-selection of promising materials, whereas long cycle life has to be achieved via smart engineering of the electrodes at micro/nanoscale.
Advanced characterization and theoretical simulations confirm that the uniform surface modification effectively facilitates sodium ion transport kinetics, restrains electrode pulverization, and concurrently enhances interaction with the ether-based electrolyte to establish a robust SEI.
Hard carbon (HC) is a class of disordered carbonaceous material that has been extensively investigated as an anode material for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs). Hard carbons have high specic capacities ranging from 200-500 mA h g -1 , excellent cycling stability, low operating voltages vs.
We present a metastudy of published literature showing how these distortions manifest in the related Prussian blue analogues (PBAs): cyanide versions of double perovskites with formula AM[M 0 (CN) 6 ] 1Ày & y ÁnH 2 O (A = alkali metal, M and M 0 = transition metals, & = vacancy/defect).
Here, in-situ formation of tin-based chaperone phases on solid state NaSICON ion conductor surfaces is shown in this work to greatly improve charge transfer and lower interfacial resistance in sodium symmetric cells operated at 110 °C at current densities up to an aggressive 50 mA cm Z.
With a variety of electrochemical techniques, such as galvanostatic cycling, cyclic voltammetry (CV) and the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT), we discuss the effects of Mg doping on the long-term cycle life and the diffusion coefficient and hence the Na-ion mobility.
Weaker Na-O bonds facilitate the extraction/insertion of Na ions, while Cu substitution in the 3d transition metal results in the Na-O-Cu conguration with the lowest Na-O bond strength, which helps to increase the spacing of the Na layers and thus enhances sodium ion transport kinetics.
In summary, micro-nano structure hard carbon derived from filter paper was prepared by high temperature pyrolysis and further KOH activation treatment and exhibited a first-cycle Coulomb efficiency as high as 81% and a good capacity of 286 mAh g -1 after 100 cycles as the anode for NIBs.
This very reducing voltage is often described as being the level at which the Na + ions become more metallic and pool within the particles of hard carbon. At this low hard carbon half-cell voltage, Na + ions shuttle across the interface intercalating/deintercalating into the hard carbon.
To further unravel the robust structural stability of the entropy and crystal-facet tuned cathodes, the morphologies of CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 after 500 cycles at 1 C (1 C = 120 mA g -1 ) were further compared (both materials using a Na metal anode are tested in coin cell configuration).
The successful preparation of Na-rich Na 4 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 or composites with known amounts of NVPF and Na 4 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 enables control over the extra Na content by playing with ball milling times, and is of great importance for enhancing the performances of C/NVPF Na-ion cells.
A full cell was assembled using hard carbon as the anode and NaVPO 4 F as the cathode, which delivered a reversible capacity of 80 mA h g À1 , with an average discharge potential of 3.7 V. 104 Park et al. recently reported novel Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 with a high redox potential (3.8 V vs.
That our SIB electrolytes have slightly higher viscosities may indicate larger complexes being formed. 37 The addition of PC, as in EC 0.45 :PC 0.45 :DMC 0.10 , increases the viscosities and again the NaPF 6 -based electrolytes are both more viscous and have a larger change in viscosity.
The decreasing content of unreacted Na 2 CO 3 with increase in temperature shows the progressive increase of the Na content (x) in the layered oxide Na x MO 2 explaining the observed evolution of the structure type from P3-type (stable for low Na content) to P2-type (stable up to x=2/3).
The HEO cathode exhibits good cycling performance (capacity retention of ~81% after 100 cycles at 0.5 C) and outstanding rate capability (capacity of ~81 mAh g -1 at 2.0 C) due to the higher sodium diffusions coefficient (above 5.75×10 -11 cm 2 s -1 ) than most reported O3-type cathodes.
While the silicon oxycarbide coated hard carbon shows similar capacity to that of pure hard carbon, the silicon nitride-hard carbon composites show a reversible (desodiation) capacity of up to 351 mA h g À1 at 50 mA g À1 , larger than the 284 mA h g À1 obtained from the pure hard carbon.
Additionally, strategies for regulating H 2 O in SIBs' electrolytes are few and far from satisfying the requirements of practical applications, especially those concerning interface compatibility with commercial HC negative electrodes and P2-type layered oxide positive electrodes 15,16 .
Considering the volume of desodiated Si 24 as a reference, the theoretical volumetric capacity is 337 mAh/cm 3 , which is far from the values of bulk sodium (~1100 mAh/cm 3 ) or NaSi (~950 mAh/cm 3 ), but similar to that of, for example, hard carbon (Na 0.81 C 6 with ~375 mAh/cm 3 ) 67 .
It was found to transition into a less crystalline phase with OP4-type stacking (Fig. 3). 33 Below 3.8 V Yabuuchi et al. proposed that sodium ions are uniformly extracted from all layers, whereas above 3.8 V, sodium ions are selectively extracted resulting in the P2-OP4 phase transition.
The proposed three-stage model identifies a capacitive mechanism occurring in the slope region, transitioning through an early plateau with a decrease in sodium-ion mobility, and culminating in a dominant micropore-filling mechanism during the late plateau, as indicated by operando SAXS.
The fast-charging performance of Na 3 V 1.5 Cr 0.5 (PO 4 ) 3 was explored by Lai's group. 48 They designed a reduced graphene oxide supported Na 3 V 1.5 Cr 0.5 (PO 4 ) 3 cathode (VC/C-G) for fast sodium storage, which delivers a high specic capacity of 176 mA h g -1 and long cycle life.
Abraham, research professor at Northeastern University and CTO of lithium battery consulting firm E-KEM Sciences, the main disadvantage of Na-ion batteries which suppresses their competitiveness is lower energy density, attaining up to now ~ 100 Wh kg -1 or in best cases ~ 150 Wh kg -1 .
Meanwhile, a comprehensive and systematic investigation was conducted to elucidate the impact of hydrothermal conditions (neutral and acidic conditions) on the crystallinity of the precursor and architecture of derived HC, as well as their correlation with sodium-ion storage performance.
Interestingly, a small plateau at around 2.0 V is found only for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2, reflected in the dQ/dV plot as a corresponding sharp redox pair (oxidation and reduction peaks at 2.0 and 1.9 V, respectively) followed by a broad oxidation (at 2.2 V) and reduction (at 2.1 V) peaks.
So far, secondary battery systems as stable and efficient clean energy storage have been the focus of attention, and the most important energy storage devices are lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) and sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which are also potential battery systems under recent research.
S3 †). 3.1 Structural characterization of P2-type Na 0.72 [Li 0.24 Mn 0.75 Si 0.01 ]O 2 active material SEM micrographs of the Si-NMO samples prepared via solidstate synthesis (Fig. 2A andB) reveal coarse agglomerations of irregularly shaped particles ranging from 1 to 10 mm in diameter.
As is known, hard electrolytic materials can be grouped in three main fields: anion conductors with fluorite structure, cation conductors with βand β ′′ -Al 2 O 3 structures, and cation conductors with NASICON structure, the ion transport number of which is well established to be ≥0.99 .
To study the effect of graphene structure on the electrochemical performance of sodium ion batteries, graphene powder without 3D structure was also prepared as a reference from the graphene oxide through a thermal reduction at 800 °C in N 2 atmosphere with a heating rate of 10 °C min -1 .
This contradiction suggests an alternative correlation where the removal of defects by annealing results in the decrease of sloping capacity, and thus we tentatively attribute the sloping capacity to favorable binding of Na at local defects rather than indiscriminate Na-ion intercalation.
The sodium storage performance of Na 0.44 [Mn 1-x Ti x ]O 2 (x ¼ 0, 0.11, 0.22, 0.33, 0.44, 0.56) in non-aqueous media was tested with Note that Mn, Mn, Mn, Mn and Mn refer to the five crystallographic sites for transition metal as shown in Fig. 1 Na 0.44 [Mn 1-x Ti x ]O 2 |Na half cells.
For lithium-ion batteries, the electrolyte was composed of 1.0 mol L -1 LiPF 6 solution in a mixture (1 : 1 : 1, in vol%) of ethylene carbonate (EC), diethyl carbonate (DEC), and ethyl methyl carbonate (EMC). 1.0 mol L -1 NaPF 6 in diglyme was used as electrolyte for sodium-ion batteries.
A significant finding is a mesoporous hard carbon produced from coffee grounds that, after washing with distilled water, pre-oxidation at 150 °C, and thermal treatment at 1300 °C in argon, shows a 23% yield, a reversible capacity of 304 mA h g -1 , and Initial coulombic efficiency of 78%.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIB) have the advantage of an abundant sodium resource and compatibility with an aluminum current collector for both cathodes and anodes, which reduce battery cost and make them a promising alternative to lithium ion batteries (Pan et al., 2013a;Slater et al., 2013).
The SIB anode based on Sb 2 O 3 /N-GNR delivers a reversible specic capacity of $652, 605, 562, 524, 483 and 421 mA h g À1 at current densities of 0.1, 0.2, 0.5, 1, 2 and 5 A g À1 , respectively, which is substantially higher than those for the control electrode at all current densities.
CR2032 coin cells with an aluminum oxide protected positive pole (Hohsen) were prepared with the dried electrode, two layers of glass fiber separator (Whatman GFA), 150 µl 1M NaPF 6 (Fluorochem United Kingdom) in PC (BASF) electrolyte and a sodium metal (Acros Organics) counter electrode.
Moreover, the quantum capacitance (CQ) and the surface charge storage capacity (Q) were also evaluated using the relation : Table 1. the lattice constant (a), diffusion coefficient, D, (at 300K), and electrical conductivity per relaxation time, σ/τ , (at 300 K) for ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5.
Herein, we comprehensively unravel the mechanisms of sodium storage in K-containing polyanion materials through multiple analytical techniques applied to a delicately designed noninterference electrode platform, specifically a 3D KTiOPO 4 thin film grown directly on the current collector.
While several features such as the microstructure of hard carbons (controllable by e.g. precursors or carbonization conditions) on their electrochemical properties have been widely investigated, the influence of macropores and domain sizes of hard carbons received less research attention.
Compared to the non-symmetrical cells employing alloying-type materials 19,20 or hard carbon 21,22 as anodes, the symmetric cells based on the same intercalation-type compound could greatly suppress the volume expansion and the safety concern of sodium dendrites at low working potentials.
These features combined resulted in improved electrochemical performance with a capacity retention of 120.8 even aer 500 cycles at 500 mA g À1 and a high-rate capability of 112.5 mA h g À1 at 1000 mA g À1 , making the material comparable with previously described carbon-based SIB anodes.
Sodium (Na) ions are highly abundant and low cost in nature and have received great attention from researchers as alternatives to lithium ions. 17 Sodium ion capacitors (NICs) also have the advantages of sodium ion batteries of high energy density and EDL capacitors of high power density.
We tested the resulting pillared Mo 2 TiC 2 for electrochemical Li-and Na-ion storage, and obtained signicantly enhanced performance, with superior capacities, rate capabilities and cycling stabilities compared to the nonpillared version, proving the effectivity of this pillaring method.
Utilizing ultrasonication and microwave irradiation processes, we present a straightforward synthetic route to microwave-irradiated reduced graphene oxide (MrGO)-antimony oxide (Sb 2 O 3 ) composites used as anode materials for lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) and sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
O3-Na 0.98 Ca 0.01 Ni 0.5 -Mn 0.5 O 2 shows a reduced "c" value, while O3-Na 0.95 Ca 0.025 Ni 1/ 3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 and O3-Na 0.9 Ca 0.05 Ni 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 show expanded "c" values. 31,32 However, no clear explanation for the expansion of "c" in O3-type cathodes has been provided.
Despite the evidence clearly elucidates that the MO 2 layer gliding could be inhibited at a designed X2/Y3 interphase, P2/P3-NaMNO still based on the M atoms for P2, P3, and O3 phase. h, i The change of θ value near the interphase at 1.8 V for different interphase distribution situations.
The purity of the pristine P2-NMFTO powder was previously confirmed by XRD Rietveld refinement, showing a hexagonal P2-type structure (space groups P6 3 /mmc): for Rietveld refinement see Supplementary Fig. 6, the cell parameters and atomic positions are included in Supplementary Table 2.
The transformation of the crystalline structure, the changes in the external surface, and the formation of the secondary phase that were induced by the introduction of the Mg dopant were analyzed, and the effects of these factors on the ionic conductivities of the vA-NASICON were studied.
This review summarizes recent achievements in 3D architectures, including hollow structures, core-shell structures, yolk-shell structures, porous structures, and selfassembled nano/micro-structures, and discusses the relationship between the 3D architectures and sodium storage properties.
The high-voltage redox peaks at ca. 4.29/3.96 V are related to oxygen anionic redox, which can be demonstrated by the results of X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) analysis (Supplementary Fig. 6). ) is reversible in the first CV curves of CuMgTi-571 and NaMNO 2 (Supplementary Fig. 5).
Ordered and disordered samples of honeycomb-lattice Na 3 Ni 2 BiO 6 were investigated as cathodes for Na-ion batteries and it was determined that the ordered sample exhibits better electrochemical performance with a specific capacity of 104 mAh/g delivered at plateaus of 3.5 and 3.2 V (vs.
To make a more comprehensive evaluation of the borophene material, the properties of theoretical specic capacity, diffusion barrier and electronic conductivity of some other current widely investigated anode materials for sodium-ion batteries from the literature are summarized in Table 2.
In this work, sodium-ion battery (NIB) technology is considered an emerging candidate due to the low cost and natural abundances for large-scale applications, in comparison to lithium-ion batteries (LIB). 1 However, enhancing the capacity is an essential objective of electrode development.
Nearly linear voltage-capacity profile throughout all the current densities tested pointed to a single-phase solid-solution reaction for Na-ion storage in (Ni)MnO2. (Ni)MnO2 appeared stable performance without obvious capacity fade over 2000 cycles at various current densities (Figure 4e).
On the other hand, from a resource depletion (and also toxic emissions) perspective, the SIB based on abundant materials (NaMMO, NaPBA but also NaNMMT) avoid all critical materials in this regard and obtain very positive results, easily outperforming the LIB under a life cycle perspective.
To better understand the sodium storage behavior in TiO 2 -G, the functional dependence of current response (I) at peak potentials (obtained from Fig. 3c) is plotted against scan rates (g) according to the following equation: I = k 1 g + k 2 g 0.5 , k 1 and k 2 are constants (see Fig. 3h).
HRTEM images (Fig. 1b, S2b and d †) indicates an abundance of short-range ordered graphite microcrystalline domains within the three materials, arranged in an irregular and random stack, creating an intricate network of pores within its hard carbon structure (e.g., red circles in Fig. 1b).
Reproduced from paper (Kim et al., 2017) with permission from the American Chemical Society. (R) NASICON-type Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 material with energy isosurface, showing interweaving of 3D Na + pathways and (S) migration pathways of Na + in the open 3D framework involving M1-M2-M1 hopping.
However, this cathode is reported to suffer from low initial charge capacity (e.g., #60 mA h g -1 ) due to the limited accessibility of sodium ion extraction (0.22-0.24 Na + per formula unit) from the structure, which hinders the practical viability of this material in a full battery cell.
The anodic reaction is based on the extraction of Na-ions, and accompanied with the redox of Fe 3+ /Fe 2+ by formation of Na 0.86-X Ti 0.73 [Fe(CN) 6 ]• 3H 2 O, and the cathodic reaction is based on Ti 4+ / 3+ redox couple with insertion of Na-ions into Na 0.86 Ti 0.73 [Fe(CN) 6 ]• 3H 2 O.
Consequently, the K 0.147 Na 4.853 V 12 O 32 electrode significantly enhances cycling performance, retaining 98.2% of the capacity after 1000 cycles at 1300 mA g -1 and enabling stable cycling with 98.7% retention after 300 cycles in a hard carbon | | K 0.147 Na 4.853 V 12 O 32 pouch cell.
When Sn0.9Cu0.1nanoparticles were used as sodium anode materials, the reversible capacity of the battery was 420 mAh g -1, with a high capacity retention rate of 97% after 100 weeks of cycle charging and discharging at a rate of 0.2C, showing a good electrochemical performance (Figure 6) .
The hard carbon synthesized at the highest pre-pyrolysis temperature (PDC-800-1400 A) is nevertheless the most graphitized-therefore both PDC-800-1400 A and PDC-600-1400 A demonstrate that the content of non-carbon compounds and temperature denitely play a role in the graphitization step.
The larger interlayer distance will be more suitable for the insertion of sodium-ions, and consequently contributes a higher capacity. 10 Besides, the reection of sulphur was only observed in SPC-120, which indicated that there were S particles remained in the SPC-120 aer heat treatment.
The corresponding diffusion coefficients of Na + were calculated using the following formula: 26 During the sodium insertion and extraction, the result of Fick's second law revealed that WC-1100 and WC-1300 showed remarkably high Na + diffusion coefficients (the order of 10 -9 cm 2 s -1 ).
The considerably enhanced capacity of MoSe 2 /MoO 2 /NC as compared to the theoretical value suggests a strong synergistic effect of the ternary phases for Na-ion storage. 49 Firstly, the numerous pores in MoSe 2 / MoO 2 /NC as observed from TEM images are capable of accommodating Na-ions.
For instance, in P2-type Na x MO 2 , the electrostatic repulsion between face-to-face oxygen ions in adjacent MO 2 layers gradually increases during Na extraction (charge process), resulting in the relative gliding of MO 2 layers and a transition to an energetically favorable O2 phase 26 .
The stable charge-discharge performance of SIB cells using LTO electrodes depends on the reversible Na insertion-extraction mechanism of LTO, where the spinel lattice is expanded with Na insertion, and two phases, Na-inserted LTO (Na-LTO) and Li-inserted LTO (Li-LTO) phases, are generated.
Here, ex situ 23 Na solid-state NMR and total scattering studies on a systematically tuned series of hard carbons revealed the formation of increasingly metallic sodium clusters in direct correlation to the growing pore size, occurring only in samples which exhibited a low voltage plateau.
Moreover, the discharge capacity is 242.5 mAh g -1 for TiO 2 /C HRTs at 50 mA g -1 after 150 cycles, while those for TiO 2 /C NRs and TiO 2 /C NPs are only 164.8 and 151.3 mAh g -1 , respectively (Fig. 5a), demonstrating a significantly improved sodium storage capability for TiO 2 /C HRTs.
In this article, the geometric mean (geomean) was adopted to measure the average value of sodium-ion diffusion coefficients during charge or discharge process, which were calculated as Both CV and EIS were applied at a four-channel multifunctional electrochemical workstation (Versa STAT MC.
However, there is no large-scale regular graphite lamellar structure in the hard carbon, which is mainly composed of curly short-range ordered graphite domains. The K + intercalation mechanism of hard carbons is different from that of traditional graphite due to the special micromorphology.
The simple flow cart of C4Q/PPL composites (m:m = 1:1)has shown in the Fig. 5 which shows high initial capacity of 4375mA h g -1 and maintains at 195 mA h g -1 after 100 cycles at 0.1 C with great performance of 170 mA h g -1 at 1C thus these materials are suitable for sodium ion batteries.
Because the GITT method cannot be applicable to the two-phase regions, CVs at different scan rates are used to calculate the apparent values of D Na+ in Na 0.612 K 0.056 MnO 2 and Na 0.706 MnO 2 , as presented in the gray region in Fig. 6d, Supplementary Fig. 39, and Supplementary Table 19.
The microwave-assisted hydrothermal synthesis of NASICONstructured Na 3 V 2 O 2x (PO 4 ) 2 F 3À2x solid solutions has been developed, providing an economically viable, energy-saving, and environmentally friendly pathway toward this important family of cathode materials for Na-ion batteries.
In future research, improving SEI stability of hard carbon materials, increasing coulomb efficiency during sodium storage, improving the electrical conductivity of hard carbon, and reducing voltage lag during sodium storage will become urgent problems to be solved in practical applications.
Here, we propose a simple and rapid method to address these disadvantages; we used an emulsion solvent-evaporation method to create hierarchically structured microparticles of hard carbon nanoparticles, derived from soot, and multi-walled-carbon-nanotubes at a very low threshold of 2.8 wt%.
To evaluate its electrochemical properties, a full-cells were assembled under an argon atmosphere, with the dew point adjusted to under -70C, and the Hard carbon electrodes facing each other with a separator in the middle, to which an electrolyte (1 M NaPF 6 /EC:DEC = 1:1 vol.%) was added.
To date, many carbonaceous material with different structures have been investigated in the electrochemical performance as anode materials for sodium ion batteries, such as carbon fibers 9,10 , nanowires 11 , carbon nanospheres 12 , reduced graphene oxide , and porous carbon composites 16 .
Furthermore, the difference in the NMR spectra of the quasimetallic states arising from Na plating on the HC electrode surface is still an open question. 66,67 To conrm the Na metal deposition (plating) on the HC electrode surface, the cell was sodiated below the potential of sodium metal.
Transition metal hexacyanometallates, so-called Prussian Blue Analogs (PBAs), have received massive attention as aqueous Na-ion battery electrode materials for large-scale energy storage systems not only due to their simple and low-cost synthesis procedures but also a superior cycling life.
In this paper, we report, to our knowledge for the first time, operando 1 H and 23 Na NMR and MRI experiments observing the speciation and distribution of Na in the electrode and electrolyte, during sodiation and desodiation of hard carbon, in a sodium metal cell and a sodium-ion full-cell.
Herein, we propose a highly microporous SbPO 4 /BC x hybrid anode for sodium-ion batteries, exhibiting a high initial reversible capacity of 871 mA h g À1 at 50 mA g À1 , a good rate capability of around 300 mA h g À1 even at 5 A g À1 as well as an excellent cycling stability of 500 cycles.
These ndings suggest that red phosphorus successfully forms a composite with hard carbon through robust chemical interactions. 23 Small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) was further employed to analyze the closed pore characteristics that were not detectable by N 2 adsorption, as shown in Fig.
These are typically observed in O3-type layer compounds (Fig. 3a). 19,23,24 The delivered discharge capacity reaches B157 mAh (g-oxide) À 1 for the RAHC Na[Ni 0.60 Co 0.05 Mn 0.35 ]O 2 at 15 mA g À 1 (0.1 C-rate) and is about 145 mAh (g-oxide) À 1 for the bulk material with same composition.
Li + /Li, suggesting that NOCs demonstrate typical HC electrochemical behavior for lithium storage, which contrasts with their behavior in sodium storage. 30 To further investigate the Na + storage mechanism in NOCs, CV curves were recorded at scan rates ranging from 0.1 to 1.2 mV s -1 (Fig.
As discussed above, we consider two distinct active material congurations for the NIB, denoted as "present" (NaNi 1/3 Co 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 and hard carbon active materials; referring to the present state of development) and "hypothetical" (yet unknown active materials) scenarios, respectively.
The galvanostatic discharge/charge curve of HC consists of three segments characterized by different slopes, thus distinguishing the macroscopic sodium storage capacity into three microscopic behaviors is accurate, and the overall capacity is distinguished into capacity I/II/III (Fig. 4D-F).
When further charging to a high voltage above 4.0 V, the material typically experiences a high voltage phase transition fingerprinted by slab gliding of MO2 layers, for example, the P2-O2 phase transition in Na2/3Ni1/3Mn2/3O2 give rise to structural instability and serious performance decay.
Furthermore, it was found that the presence of Ti helps to suppress the volume change during charge discharge, hence leading to excellent cyclability performance compared to P2-type Na 2/3 [Fe 1/2 Mn 1/2 ]O 2 . 58 Another prospective cathode material for NIB is the monoclinic O 0 3 NaNiO 2 .
In summary, our findings point out that the generally overlooked porosity is important to understand the mechanism of Na storage in hard carbons, which enables some unexpected properties due to the spontaneous pre-desolvation induced by osmotic pressure and hydrostatic force on its nanopore.
Utilizing a facile surface engineering strategy to coat homogeneous amorphous Al 2 O 3 layer on hard carbon can also shield the active site (pores, defects and functional groups) on the surface to hinder the decomposition of electrolyte, so as to form a thin SEI layer, and reduce resistance.
The specific discharge capacity of MM_NFPC/C // NTP/C with 17 m NaClO 4 is much better than those of the reported cathodes in aqueous sodium ion batteries, including the full cells of Na 4 Mn 9 O 18 // NTP 19 In summary, Na 3 FePO 4 CO 3 was synthesized by the mechanical ball milling method.
Many other transition metal phosphides such as Cu 3 P, CuP 2 , CoP, FeP, and Ni 2 P have also been revisited because of their potential for utilization in anodes for NIBs. 110,111, The transition metal phosphide as an promising anode for sodium-ion batteries are reported as shown in Table 3.
To further explore the impact of structural modifications on ionic conductivity and diffusion, as well as the effect of temperature on local atomic coordination and its influence on diffusion, this study employs molecular dynamics simulations to model the NASICON-type LTP solid electrolytes.
It is worth noting that the superlattice model applied in this study, (Figure 1c), represents a different setting from the previously published model 12 and trace amounts of MgO (~1.2% for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and 1.6% for Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2, respectively) are found for both compounds.
Antimony (Sb) has been ranked as one of the most promising SIB anodes with desirous properties, including high conductive character (electrical conductivity about 2.56 × 10 6 Sm -1 ), suitable theoretical capacity (660 mAh g -1 for Na 3 Sb alloy), and low operational potential (about 0.5 V).
Samigullin et al. claimed a temperature-dependence polymorphic transition at 55-65 °C in NASICON Na 4 VMn(PO 4 ) 3 . 46 Consequently, the DSC measurement supports the activation energy behavior, but further temperature-dependent XRD studies are required to reveal more structural information.
In this sense, according to the X-ray mapping shown in Fig. 4.c, which corresponds to the cross-section of the solid-state electrolyte, a homogeneous distribution of Na and P is observed, suggesting that the use of NASICON powders covering pellets during sintering prevents their evaporation.
However, they often suffer from poor rate capability and unsatisfactory cycle performance due to inferior electronic conductivity, poor ion transport kinetics and large volume changes during sodium insertion/extraction processes. 64 Intensive efforts have been made to address these problems.
Recently layered structure materials such as NaMO 2 (M = Ni, Mn, Cr, Co and V) metal oxides , NASICON-type material , Prussian blue ana-logues , and co-polymers have been investigated in detail as cathode material for Na-ion batteries due to their moderate specific capacity and cell voltage.
The bright spots in Figure S1a and 2d) and the dark-dot contrast in ABF-STEM images (Figure 2e) reveal the sodium and transition metal (Ni and Ti) atom positions, and sodium is fully overlapped by transition metal projected along direction, which is consistent with O3-type layered structure.
Studies of hard carbon materials (most common anode material) are still in progress, but additional research efforts are focused on the other anode materials that follow different operating mechanisms, such as alloying and conversion (Wu et al., 2018;Usiskin et al., 2021;Zheng et al., 2021).
Synchrotron X-ray probe, transmission electron microscopy and computational modeling revealed that the strong interaction between Titania and graphene through comparably strong van-der-Waals forces not only facilitates bulk Na + intercalation but also enhances the interfacial sodium storage.
It directly leads to the improvement of the electrical conductivity and the increase of the overpotential, which indirectly affects the sodium storage performance of the electrode. 41 Meanwhile, copper generated in situ can make the a-Sb 2 S 3 @CuSbS 2 more rmly anchored to the copper foil.
To test this hypothesis and tap into the domain of porous MOFs with functional linkers for charge storage, herein we study an azofunctionalised Zr(IV)-based MOF, namely UiO-abdc (where, abdc stands for 4,4 0 -azobenzene dicarboxylate) (Fig. 1a), as electrode material in sodium-ion batteries.
Furthermore, to investigate the sodium ion insertion/extraction mechanism, they obtained in situ XRD patterns of the electrode during the charge/discharge process and found that the reversible sodium insertion and extraction contributed to its excellent reversibility and cycling performance.
Utilizing ambient air as a fuel source, we constructed Na-air cells based on Nasicon solid electrolyte (SE), incorporating an air-electrode that comprises Nasicon (Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 ) SE as an ionic conductor and nickel (Ni) metal instead of carbon as the electronic conductor (Fig. 1a-d).
This work corroborates the findings to date on the electrochemical stability of NASICON in sodium-ion batteries and crucially allows operando characterisation for SIBs, allowing mechanistic and chemical understanding of mass transport and electrochemical degradation in solid-state batteries.
The specific capacity of Na-ILT for the 100th cycle is 137 mAh g -1 , which is higher than those of Li-ILT, K-ILT, and Cs-ILT (95, 61, and 77 mAh g -1 , respectively), indicating that the Na ion is best among all alkali-metal guest ions in the present study for enhancing the SIB performance.
However, the reversible capacity of the bare WS 2 is low; the rate performance and long cycling stability of the bare WS 2 must be improved owing to its poor conductivity and serious aggregation during the insertion/extraction process of sodium-ions into/from WS 2 layers (Chen et al., 2014).
Based on these results, TiHCF, containing both titanium (Ti) and iron (Fe) sites, was synthesized here by a controlled co-precipitation method and its electrochemical properties as electrode material were explored as both Li-ion and Na-ion positive electrode materials in organic electrolytes.
A comprehensive mechanism for Na + ion behavior in hard carbon was proposed: during initial sodiation, Na + ions adsorb on the hard carbon surface and insert between graphene layers and then ll the pore walls and at the end quasi-metallic Na clusters are formed if the pores are large enough.
To date, various metal ions, such as La 3+ , Y 3+ , Sc 3+ , Ca 2+ , magnesium ion (Mg 2+ ), Zn 2+ , and Ni 2+ , have been adopted as the heterogeneous elements in the NASICON synthesis process, and the ionic conductivities of the NASICON compounds have been improved via these approaches [27,.
In particular, we demonstrated that the CN thin lm is a promising candidate as articial interphase to improve the sodium storage performance of carbonaceous anode materials, even applicable to the undemanding materials derived from different sources such as biowastes. agreement no. 951513).
Furthermore, the systematic analysis also exhibited that the sodium storage mechanism is an "adsorption-intercalation" process and the plateau region was the rate-determining step for the as-prepared electrode with lower electrochemical reaction kinetics, which could be signicantly promoted.
More generally, these results demonstrate the capability of an operando SANS experiment to provide distinct information about the different sodium storage mechanisms in a nanoporous carbon material, and therefore address the characterisation challenges associated with this class of materials.
Furthermore, the calculated total DFT energies of the two kinds of Na sites in the P2-type structure illustrate that energy difference between the Na e and Na f sites can be reduced in P2-NaMNNb (from 83.6 meV to 35.6 meV), implying that the hoping is easier when Nb is involved (Fig. 6g) 45 .
Regardless, this study has revealed unique and new insight into the electrochemical behaviour of a sodium-ion battery, demonstrating the potential for such techniques to extract essential information required to better understand the mechanisms controlling performance and degradation in NIBs.
When tested as sodium-ion batteries anode material by applying two different potential windows, the composite demonstrates a high reversible specific capacity of 575 mAhg -1 at 100 mAg -1 in between 0.01 V-2.6 V and 218 mAhg -1 at 50 mAg -1 when discharged in a potential range of 0.4 V-2.6 V.
Based on reactions, the sodium storage process of SnS can be illustrated as follows: 91,92 SnS + 2Na + + 2e -4 Sn + Na 2 S Moreover, the initial sodiation and de-sodiation capacities of SnS/Nb 2 CT x hybrid electrodes are 744.1 and 408.5 mA h g -1 with an initial coulombic efficiency of ∼55%.
For sodium storage, K + in Na layers relieves the variation in interlayer spacing and suppresses irreversible phase transition, particularly in the highly (de)sodiated state, ensuring a robust structure, in which the complete solid-solution (de)sodiation reaction occurs upon phase transition.
In the current study, the structural, electrical, and electrochemical properties of Janus CrSSe, CrSeTe, and CrSTe monolayers have been examined for prospective usage as anode material in lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) and sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) using a rst-principles based DFT technique.
Indeed, while in LIBs graphite and silicon are considered the state-of-the-art anode materials, in NIBs their ability to accept Na + ions is rather low, and thus poor performances are commonly observed. 9,10 Commonly studied anode materials are hard carbons and transition metal oxides (TMOs).
Na + transportation channels are clearly visible in all four directions, and because the channel's dimension is greater than the Na + ion's diameter, Na + ions can move through these channels quickly, which enables rapid rate performance and is in good agreement with NASICON's characteristics.
Finally, hard carbon composite electrodes were prepared using NaCBH, which had the lowest interfacial resistance to NASICON among the intermediate layers investigated in this study, and a halfcell (Na/NASICON/NaCBH/(HC + NaCBH)) was constructed, and electrochemical measurements were performed.
Indeed, in the desodiated phase b-NaFeP 2 O 7 (SG: P% 1), Na3 site occupancy drops to 0.5. 63 Two further members of the pyrophosphate family with M = Mn (W = 4.3 h À1 ) and VO (W = 2.9 h À1 ) that exhibit lower rate performances than Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 are briefly discussed in the ESI † (see Fig.
Both samples displayed similar charge-discharge proles with the potentials dropping dramatically to reach a plateau of around 0.29 V, which are related to the desodiation of sodium ions from Na 2 TP, 24 indicating that the presence of graphene did not affect the reaction mechanism of Na 2 TP.
It is pertinent to note that, because of the structural complexity and heterogeneous aspect of hard carbon, it is highly advised to combine the above approaches for better surface characterization, which can help optimize hard carbon anode synthesis and, therefore, electrochemical performance.
Hu et al. studied in detail the effect of heat treatment temperature on the sodium storage performance of hard carbon microspheres, and the data showed that the hard carbon microspheres carbonized at 1600 °C had the highest platform capacity (220 mAh• g -1 ) and excellent cycling performance .
Hard carbon derived from petroleum coke is used as active materials for the anodes, a material that showed a promising environmental performance in previous studies. 19,20 Table 1 provides the mass balance and key parameters of the assessed battery cells as obtained from the dimensioning tool.
• Vacancy in the transition metal layer of sodium cathode material induces the formation lone-pair electrons in the O 2p orbital. • Material delivers more capacity from the oxygen redox validated by density functional calculation. • Widened dominance of the OP4 phase without releasing O 2 gas.
Therefore, based on the above studies, the sodiation process is initiated by the formation of a Na x Sn (xE1.3, see Supplementary Note 2) phase with low volume change, and followed by further Na-ion insertion that increasing sodiationinduced stress leads to volume expansion/fracture (Fig. 1g).
Here we report a quasi-solid-state self-healing AZIB by using a hybrid hydrogel which consists of dual-crosslinked polyacrylamide and polyvinyl alcohol as a flexible electrolyte and a cobalt hexacyanoferrate (K 3.24 Co 3 [Fe(CN) 6 ] 2 $12.6H 2 O) Prussian blue analogue as the cathode material.
In this regard, non-graphitizable hard carbons (HCs) have been studied extensively for SIBs and PIBs. 29,30,36,37 The approach involves tailoring the morphology of HC's to provide unique physical and chemical properties, high ionic conductivity, thermal conductivity, and mechanical properties.
The spectra of desodiated HC-700 and HC-900 showed only major signals of the electrolyte solution and an additional broad component around À9 ppm, explained by ionic sodium compound contained in the solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) on the carbon surface, or non-extractable sodium ions in HC.
Collectively, these findings demonstrate that sodium ions undergo sequential storage processes: initial adsorption in the sloping region, followed by intercalation between carbon layers, culminating in reduction to metallic clusters that fill closed pores within the plateau region (Fig. 5(h)).
A half-cell was fabricated using a sodium metal as the counter electrode, GF/D as the separator, and P2-NFMO-CoMgLi as the positive electrode. 80 mL of electrolyte was injected into the half-cell, which consisted of a propylene carbonate (PC) solution with 5 vol% uoroethylene carbonate (FEC).
The strong attachment between SbPO 4 and the BC x matrix would benefit mutual charge transfer between them and keep the integrity of the electrode during the sodiation/desodiation processes, which are favorable for sodium-ion transport and play a crucial role in enhancing the rate performance.
By integrating a deeper mechanistic understanding and scalable engineering design, it is expected that next-generation Cu-containing cathodes with high-energy density, long cycle life, and excellent safety can be developed to accelerate the commercialization of sodium-ion battery technologies.
Additionally, the CV tests performed on Sample 1 mounted on Al foil demonstrated that the oxidation/reduction reaction potentials and profiles were markedly analogous to those recorded using Ti sheet as the current collector, suggesting a comparable sodium storage mechanism on both collectors.
Similarly, information about the cycling efficiency of sodium ion batteries is scarce. 58 However, SIB achieve similar coulombic efficiencies as LIB, and their round trip efficiency can therefore be assumed to be comparable to those of LiFP and LiNMC-type LIB, 17,19,46 with values of over 90%.
Structures were refined by the Rietveld method using Topas Academic v6. 23 Due to the presence of carbon and the background associated with the use of a glass capillary, the superlattice peaks are barely visible, therefore a simple P3-type structural model with the space group R3m was adopted.
Overall, part of the charge capacity of electrode materials originated from the non-faradaic development of double-layer capacitance, whereas the other portion originated from the Faraday contribution of diffusioncontrolled sodium-ion insertion/extraction and surface charge-transfer processes.
Statistics results show the plateau capacities and the slope capacities of these HCs (Fig. 4c, f, i), the plateau capacities of LHC and CHC are higher than that of HCHCs (Tables 4, 5 and6), which is ascribed to the higher closed pore volume storing sodium metal cluster in this potential range.
However, compared with traditional single-phase Mn-based cathode materials, the multiphase materials can withstand great stress due to their special mixed structure, and multiphase is conducive to the rapid migration of sodium ions owing to the existence of phase with large interlayer spacing .
To achieve exceptional Na-ion storage performance of the cell with ultra-long cycling stability, the PDA-derived N-doped C was coated onto the P-CoSe 2 @NGC NRs precursor microspheres by a facile solution-based coating method and subsequent carbonization at 400 °C for 3 h in the N 2 atmosphere.
Energy-based method allows for situations where: • Crack lengths are small relative to the size of the indents • Cracks are subsurface • Ease of measurement •Excessive cycling can lead to secondary phases, discolored features, and dendrite formation that change mechanical properties in NaSICON.
A series of oxidation-reduction peaks mentioned above corresponds to the reactions that occur when the V element stores sodium ions. 37 Furthermore, as the amount of vanadium in the system increases (V 2.14 Fe 0.75 S 4 and FeS 2 / V 2 O 3 ), the intensity of the redox peaks gradually increases.
In general, O3-type cathode materials have sufficient Na content (x ~ 0.9-1.0) and deliver higher reversible specific capacity, which can be directly matched with anode materials to assemble full cells according to the initial coulombic efficiency (ICE) and reversible capacity of the materials.
Thus, stress induced by the volume change of Si is less likely to be concentrated, which probably reduces the collapse of the anode. 9,10 We anticipated that the addition of Sn would improve the Na + conductivity of the SiO 2 matrix in SIB anode materials and suppress the collapse of the anode.
Especially the connectivity of pores affecting the penetration depth and electrode utilization will play a crucial role in understanding and predicting the sodium and lithium storage capacities of HC anodes, and thereby elucidate the full potential of those materials for LIB and SIB technology.
As an anode for sodium-ion batteries, the iron/vanadium bimetallic sulfide exhibits promising sodium storage rate behavior (specific capacity is 424.67 mAh g -1 at 0.05 A g -1 and remains 192.82 mAh g -1 at 10 A g -1 ), desirable capacitive contribution, and rather fast Na + diffusion kinetics.
By combining data from wide-angle X-ray scattering (WAXS), SAXS, and gas physisorption techniques, to analyze the electrochemical data in HC-sodium half-cells, an empirical link between structural factors and sodium storage Martin Oschatz studied chemistry at the Technische Universität Dresden.
This shows that significant ionic conductivity is possible in these materials without compromising the mechanical properties, 31 and indeed this high modulus is maintained until 100 °C, within the required temperature range that might be considered for high temperature Na-ion battery operation.
However, we showed in a previous work that the transition point can be more objectively determined by measuring the entropy during sodium insertion, 30 via probing the response of the cell open circuit voltage (OCV) to temperature variation at various different sodiation states of hard carbons.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), 1,2 lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), zinc-ion batteries (ZIBs), 7,8 aluminium-ion batteries (AIBs), 9 potassium-ion batteries (PIBs), and magnesium-ion batteries (MIBs) 13,14 are among the most widely studied and discussed energy storage technologies in recent decades.
The hard carbon||P2-NaMNNb coin cell tested at -40 °C and 37 mA g -1 delivers a specific capacity of about 58 mAh g -1 (Fig. 7b) and specific energy of around 188 Wh kg -1 (Supplementary Fig. 32) which translates into capacity retention of 95.5% compared to the same cycling conditions at 25 °C.
Notably, LF-1300C's initial capacity and ICE are comparable to or higher than those of biomassderived hard carbons reported in recent reviews and studies , suggesting that its partial crystallinity enhances electrical conductivity and thereby contributes to superior electrochemical performance.
With the help of GO, the same group demonstrated a porous CuO/RGO composite derived from Cu-MOFs/GO. 72 The sodium storage capacity of this composite was elevated to 503 mA h g -1 at 100 mA g -1 and a capacity of 348 mA h g -1 could be retained even at 2 A g -1 , showing decent rate capability.
Different cathode materials for SIBs include layered oxides 4,5 , polyanionic compounds 6,7 , and Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) 8,9 , among them, PBAs have attracted tremendous attentions because their open framework structure could easily accommodate Na + and enable its fast transportation 10 .
In-depth characterization by ex situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy and work function analysis revealed that the enhanced sodium storage property of YS-CoP@NPC might be attributed to the stable solid electrolyte interphase film, high electronic conductivity and better Na + diffusion kinetics.
Moreover, Kong et al. also characterized the thermal decomposition temperature of P2-Na 0.67 Mn 0.75 Ni 0.25 O 2 before and after Cu/Mg co-doping, where the increased value indicates that the substitution of Cu/Mg is an effective way to mitigate lattice oxygen release for sodium-ion batteries .
To explore the influence of sulfur doping and TiS 2 modification on the sodium storage performance of TiO 2 /C electrode, the electrochemical performance of as-spun TiS 2 /S-TiO 2 /C nanofibers composites, TiO 2 /C nanofibers composites, and pure C nanofibers as anodes in SIBs was investigated.
Regarding the hard carbon reviews, they have presented insights related to the synthesis, performance and storage mechanisms in most cases , and few have focused on specific topics, that is, hard carbon biomass 59,60 , the Coulombic efficiency of hard carbons 61 and their storage mechanisms 47 .
The associated silicon nitride capacity is estimated as 848 mA h g À1 when normalised by the mass of silicon nitride, ascribed to the good dispersion of silicon nitride nanoparticles on the hard carbon, and facile electrochemical reactions in the amorphous and non-stoichiometric silicon nitride.
Pillared and non-pillared Mo 2 TiC 2 were tested in coin cells (CR2032 type) in a half-cell conguration using lithium or sodium metal (Tob Energy, China) disks as the counter and reference electrodes and 1 M LiPF 6 or NaPF 6 in EC/DEC (1 : 1 weight ratio, 99% purity, Gotion) as the electrolyte.
This paper, summarizing the reports on the electrolyte of low-temperature sodium-ion batteries at home and abroad, sorting out and analyzing the solid, liquid, and gel electrolytes, clarifies how to making the electrochemical performance of sodium-ion batteries better by optimizing electrolytes.
This is particularly apparent for the Prussian blue analogues, where only a few notifications are available for sodium ferrocyanide (Na 4 Fe(CN) 6 ), with the consequence that there is no THP for this CAM with the used threshold (TH), suggesting that there is no hazard related to this precursor.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) possess an energy storage mechanism similar to that of LIBs. 4,5 SIBs, with their widely distributed and abundant sodium resources and relatively lower costs compared to those associated with LIBs, are emerging as an advantageous option for large-scale energy storage.
This contrast is clearly reflected in the dQ/dV plots on the first cycle (Figure 5c) where an irreversible peak is observed at ca. 4.15 for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 whereas an additional reversible oxidation peak at 4.22 V coupled with a reduction peak at 4.2 V is found for Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2.
We propose a document-level natural language processing pipeline for literature extraction of comprehensive information on layered cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries. the pipeline enhances entity recognition with contextual supplementary information while capturing the article structure.
Thereby, the conformal CN coating is a critical driver for improving the electrochemical properties of the carbon derived from a sustainable source, and the lm thickness is assessed to be the most crucial parameter to boost sodium storage, especially in the non-capacitive faradaic storage mode.
We investigated the full-cell performance of sodium-ion batteries composed of a hard carbon (HC) negative electrode, a NaCrO 2 positive electrode, and an ionic liquid electrolyte Na[FSA]-[C 3 C 1 pyrr][FSA] (FSA = bis(fluorosulfonyl)amide, C 3 C 1 pyrr = N-methyl-N-propylpyrrolidinium) at 333 K.
Sodium-ion batteries have gained increasing attention, because of the greater abundance and lower cost of Na as compared to Li. 1 However, the use of ammable and toxic organic electrolytes has safety issues and these must be handled with care to avoid explosion due to overheating /overcharging.
The additional capacity that can be accessed by triggering anion redox activity may be associated with some of unfavourable side effects such as irreversible cation migration, lower sodium ion diffusion and the release of O 2 gas, resulting in accelerated capacity and voltage decay upon cycling.
The obvious cost advantage as well as attractive electrochemical properties, including excellent cycling stability and the potential of high rate performance, make sodium-ion batteries prime candidates in the race to technically and commercially enable large-scale electrochemical energy storage.
From the XPS analysis, we can conclude that WS 2 /NC composite with high content of pyridinic and pyrrolic nitrogen species (high defects and edges) in the carbon layer was successfully obtained, which is expect to be a good electrode for Na + storage when used as the anode for Na-ion batteries.
Second, the electrode/ electrolyte interphase plays a key role in the electrochemical performance of high-voltage electrode materials, exploring an electrolyte with good compatibility to construct a robust electrode/electrolyte interphase and improve sodium storage performance is very meaningful.
The diffusion coefficient of sodium ions (D Na? ) can be calculated using Eqs. 6 and 7: where A is the surface area of the electrode, c is the concentration of sodium ions, and r w is the Warburg factor, which can be obtained by calculating the slope of the line Z 0 -x -1/2 , as shown in Fig. 8b.
The detailed life cycle inventory data (LCI) for each step of the manufacturing process and the corresponding assumptions can be found in the ESI. † Since no large-scale SIB industry is yet established, the production is assumed to be situated in Europe, using the corresponding electricity mixes.
In order to depress the polarization and irreversibility effect of Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 in the first charge process (cathode side) and discharge process (anode side), the pre-desodiated and pre-sodiated Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 are used as positive and negative electrode materials in the sodium full cells.
Considering the high activity of sodium metal, the risk of thermal reactions related to charged anodes is thought to be higher in SIBs than in LIBs. 35 Moreover, it has been suspected that the stable solid electrolyte interface (SEI) does not form readily on the anode surface in Na-ion batteries.
Hard carbons are an effective and sustainable substitution for expensive graphite used in LIBs. On the other hand, the cathodes often contain transition metals (including cobalt) presenting the same concerns and limitations in terms of cost and sustainability as those currently employed for LIBs.
When evaluated as a binder-free electrode for sodium-ion batteries, the as-obtained electrode demonstrates high performances, including high reversible capacity of 381.7 mA h g 21 at 100 mA g 21 and superior rate capability (283.3, 246.5 and 186.3 mA h g 21 at 0.5, 1 and 2 A g 21 , respectively).
See Hard carbon is a potential candidate for alkali ion storage due to its larger interlayer spacing compared to graphite and abundant active sites for ion anchoring. 1 It is particularly suitable for batteries with larger ions, like sodium ion batteries (SIBs) and potassium ion batteries (PIBs).
The superb results demonstrate that the effective 3D framework of N-doped graphene aerogel can provide high porosity with good mechanism properties to tolerate the volume change during charging/discharging processes, increase reaction active sites for sodium ions, and facile sodium ion diffusion.
Based on the comparative study of various salts in DME, the NaBPh 4 electrolyte can stabilize the hard carbon/electrolyte interface better than other fluorinated salts, such as NaPF 6 , NaFSA, and NaTFSA, suggesting that fluorine components are not indispensable in SEI to stabilize the interface.
A solid solution of the sodium ions within the layered host structure is strongly suggested in the voltage window of 1.5-4.0 V, as phase analysis clearly shows a single phase (P2) with gradually changing lattice parameters and a smooth voltage profile in the electrochemical measurement (Robert A.
However, the difference is that the hard carbon with intrinsic nanopores itself acts as both the host for pre-desolvation and the carrier for the charge storage, which may be an important factor in explaining why only hard carbon can achieve efficient Na + storage among numerous carbon materials.
Among them, layered transition metal oxides (Na x MO 2 ) with high operating voltage and electrochemical capacity, such as P2-type(Kuan Wang et al., 2018;Kannan et al., 2021) and O3-type cathode materials (Rong et al., 2019), are deemed promising cathode material candidates for commercialization.
NASICON solid electrolytes are the promising oxide-based Na-ion conducting material, with a high ionic conductivity of over 10 -4 S/cm at room temperature and stable air and moisture. 12 NASICON ceramics are electrochemically stable up to 7 V, making it suitable for use in high voltage batteries.
Following a brief introduction into the status of sodium-ion battery positive electrodes, this work focuses on the development of knowledge and understanding into the structure of layered oxides at the charged state by highlighting cutting edge characterisation techniques that have been utilised.
The calculated sodium ion diffusion coefficient value of N0.92K0.08VPF/C was in the range of 2.59×10 -10 ~6.98×10 -9 cm 2 s -1 and the average value was 2.20×10 -9 cm 2 s -1 , higher than those of NVPF/C (the range of 8.77×10 -11 ~4.29×10 -9 cm 2 s -1 and the average value 1.26×10 -9 cm 2 s -1 ).
Among the alternative battery technologies, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted great interest because of their appreciable performance afforded by the similar "rock-chair" intercalation chemistry, as shown in Figure 1A, utilizing extremely abundant and low-cost Na + as the charge carrier.
The ionic diffusion coefficient for bismuth NSs electrode as a function of voltage can be determined by the following equation: And the value of D Na + (Na-ion coefficient of the bismuth NSs electrode) is calculated which is between 10 -15 and 10 -10 cm 2 s -1 during the charge/discharge process.
Obviously, the sodium storage mechanism of TiS 2 /S-TiO 2 /C is dominated by surface pseudo-capacitive behavior at low rates and then turns to a diffusion-controlled process at fast scans, which is in coincidence with the pseudo-capacitive storage phenomenon of T-Nb 2 O 5 /Li cell by Dunn et al. .
While the use of ester-based electrolytes should restrict mesoporosity development and maximise turbostratic domain presence, ether-based electrolytes allow the development of more ordered and porous carbons, leading to enhanced transport kinetics, sodium storage capacity, and electrode stability.
To illustrate the structural superiority of the ultrane active nanoparticles with uniform dispersion and N/S co-doped carbon matrix of the CoS 2 /C polyhedrons as a sodium storage anode material, the cycle performance of the CoS 2 /C and CoS 2 / C-600 anodes was measured at 100 mA g À1 (Fig. 7a).
According to the data shown in the Fig 2, at a lower pressure (< 0.4 kN/ cm), the compaction of the blended powder system increases with the addition of hard carbon, and the void at this stage also decreases until the pressure reaches 1.1kN/cm, which is consistent with our theoretical speculation.
Most of the pore diameters in the three samples were less than 10 nm, suitable for the porefilling mechanism of potassium ion storage. 33 The synthesis of t-BTO@C materials is depicted in Fig. 1j, showcasing the t-BTO nanoparticles coated with hard carbon derived from the pyrolysis of polypyrrole.
Hard carbon showed better electrochemical performance than conventional graphite anode in sodium systems with 0.3 V of average operating voltage and 250 mAh•g -1 of reversible discharge capacity. 18) However, its energy density is too low for it to be used as anodes for large-scale energy systems.
Overall, we elucidate the Na-ion storage mechanism for hard carbon as NIB anode, and we identify that the ideal hard carbon anode should be a low surface area ensemble of dilated turbostratic nanodomains that contains a high density of point and local structural defects with mild binding energies.
At higher magnification, the Na-doped NMFTO-03 electrode (Fig. 2c,d) exhibits some particle clusters that might correspond to the formation of Na 2 CO 3 and NaCO 3 R (R = alkyl chain), and Na metal particles, as later confirmed by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and X-ray diffraction (XRD).
Some studies have shown that stable GICs may not be formed, and the GICs are directly related to the degree of graphitization of hard carbon materials. 71 In the trace of highly graphitized sample (DGC-2000), significant formation of KC 8 (stage I) was observed at the end of complete potassiation.
The calculated σ/τ values using the Boltztrap package 30 were 4.81 × 10 20 (Ω m s) -1 for the pure compound and 2.64 × 10 20 (Ω.m.s) -1 for the alloy, both indicative of excellent electrical transport characteristics, making these materials promising candidates for sodium-ion battery applications.
In this work, we propose a processing methodology, based on the combination of tape-casting and low temperature hot-pressing, to develop ceramic NASICON electrolytes with formula Na 3.16 Zr 1.84 Y 0.16 Si 2 PO 12 towards the attainment of solid-state sodium batteries operating at room temperature.
All the above-mentioned observations point out that the continuous monoclinic to rhombohedral symmetry change has an inuence on the structural parameters, such as interatomic distances, occupancies, and lattice parameters, and therefore, inuences the overall Na + transport mechanism in NASICONs.
This can be attained through employment of advanced non-invasive surface methods (SEM, XPS, and NMR) to reveal the details of SEI formation, and volumetric methods including operando measurements during battery cycling (NMR) to depict the sodium storage mechanisms inside the hard carbon electrode.
Our group 20 and others 20,21 have demonstrated that honeycomb-ordered Na-ion systems can have well-defined flat plateaus at very high voltages during galvanostatic cycling, providing a substantially improved discharge voltage relative to traditional α-NaFeO 2 systems with sloped voltage profiles.
Additionally, to further explore the effects of heating temperature and rate on HC structural evolution, we denote synthesized HC samples as G-T-R-t (for gourd-derived) or WG-T-Fig. 2 The patterns and effects on hard carbon structural evolution induced by potassium in the TFH method and CTS method.
Optimizing CVD coating thickness and carbon xerogel nodule size, while comprehending Na + insertion-deinsertion processes through the graphitic-like carbon layer, is expected to pave the way for substantial progress in the engineering of hard carbons for negative electrodes of sodium-ion batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have garnered significant attention in the field of energy storage in recent years and are making rapid strides in large-scale energy storage battery applications due to their similar operating principle to lithium-ion batteries, abundant sodium resources, and low cost .
S3d-f †) demonstrate turbostratic microstructures composed of mostly disordered domains, which is typical for hard carbons prepared at 1500 °C. 35 Raman spectroscopy provides insights into the chemical binding motifs within the carbon materials, as well as their carbonization/graphitization degree.
We find that Na-ion conductivity can be optimized by: an average cation radius of slightly above 0.72 Å for NASICONs with a (SiO 4 ) 2 PO 4 polyanion composition; high SiO 44-polyanion content, and a carefully tuned Na content around Na 3 per formula unit but depending on the polyanion composition.
Among the various anode candidates, transitional metal sulfides , which store sodium via a conversion or alloy-dealloying reaction mechanisms, stand out for their impressive electronic conductivity and substantial theoretical capacity compared to hard carbon anodes (typically less than 300 mAh/g) .
systems. f Conductivity (σ) and activation energy (E a ) for Na x ZrCl 4+x systems at 25 °C. g-j Correlation between Na-ion content and vacancy concentration in Na x ZrCl 4+x SE systems across four compositions: (g) Na 0.2 ZrCl 4.2 , (h) Na 0.5 ZrCl 4.5 , (i) Na 0.8 ZrCl 4.8 , and (j) Na 2 ZrCl 6 .
Other relevant contributors are the production of the sugar used as a precursor for hard carbon synthesis (13%), the BMS (7%), and the generation of the electricity for cell and battery pack manufacturing (8%; mainly due to the still high share of coal power plants in the European electricity mix).
The electrochemical properties of the NiSe 2 -rGO-C composite nanofibers for Na-ion storage were compared with those of the densely structured NiSe 2 nanofibers; this comparison was made via cyclic voltammograms (CVs) and galvanostatic discharge/charge cycling at voltages ranging from 0.001-3 V vs.
We leverage the observed structural features to propose physical explanations for the trends in the thermodynamic parameters of conductivity and also to provide additional evidence for our interpretation of configurational entropy in NASICON-type solids. ■ EXPERIMENTAL SECTION Synthesis of Powders.
Nghiên cứu này khảo sát ảnh hưởng của các muối NaPF 6 , NaClO 4 , NaOTf, NaFSI và NaTFSI trong các hệ dung môi carbonate EC: DMC: PC (1:1:1) với nồng độ 1 M khi có và không có các chất phụ gia (FEC, VC, Py 13 ) đến tính năng phóng sạc của vật liệu điện cực âm hard carbon trong pin sạc Na-ion (NIB).
It was explained that the reduced reversibility is mainly due to the migration of vanadium ions into the sodium intercalation sites, which was similar to that observed in Na x TiO 2 . 85,86 Na x VO 2 compounds where x ¼ 1.0 and 0.7, corresponding to O3-NaVO 2 and P2-Na 0.7 VO 2 , were also studied.
Taken together, these findings indicate that ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5 offer a promising balance between electronic conductivity, ion diffusion capability, and electrochemical performance, making them suitable candidates for hybrid energy storage applications, including supercapacitor battery systems.
The initial coulombic efficiency (ICE) of the TPEHBZ-ThBS anode was determined to be 134 and 116% for the LIB and SIB from the first cycle charge-discharge profile in Fig. 4(c) and (d), respectively, with the subsequent cycles stabilizing close to 100%, which is typical for organic anode materials.
In this regard, sodium ion batteries (NIBs) have been studied for several years while the attention to potassium ion batteries (KIBs) has only begun recently 2 , mainly due to the high natural abundance of Na and K, which could ensure long-term availability, lower cost, and long lasting technology.
Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 P 2 O 7 has not been well studied, but it possesses unexpected 3D sodium diffusion pathways in the sturdy crystal framework of a typical NASICON-type structure, which can be considered as the key preliminary factor for long-term cyclability and low-temperature performance 5,19 .
In summary, we demonstrated that the addition of (optimally 10 wt%) mixture of Na 2 CO 3 and B 2 O 3 to NASICON-based materials may produce highly conductive Na + ion solid electrolyte, achieving a maximum conductivity of 4.5 × 10 -3 S cm -1 at 25 °C, with a reduced sintering temperature of 900 °C.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs), representing the typical faradaic electrode materials for efficient capacitive deionization (CDI) due to their open architecture and high capacity, have been plagued by kinetics issues, leading to insufficient utilization of active sites and poor structure stability.
It was found that the D Na+ values of the 0.46-AFR-HC electrode (10 -7.81 to 10 -9.50 ) are higher than the 0.90-AFR-HC (10 -8.75 to 10 -10.54 ) and 1.80-AFR-HC (10 -8.64 to 10 -10.47 ) at all potentials, especially in the low voltage region (10 -9.50 vs. 10 -10.54 vs. 10 -10.47 ) [Figure 5A andB].
The predicted ionic conductivities of Zr-substituted Na3MCl6 phases (approximately 10 -5 S/cm) are comparable to the highest ionic conductivity among the reported Na chloride SEs. Na-ion trajectories were obtained to visualize Na-ion diffusion in Na3MCl6 and Na2.5M0.5Zr0.5Cl6, as shown in Figure 6.
Strategies like optimizing solvent selection, incorporating high-conductivity salts, and developing solid-state electrolytes are critical for enhancing SIB performance, especially in cold climates, ensuring better cycle life, and mitigating issues such as dendrite formation and SEI impedance. 3.1.1.
Coal, a solid combustible mineral, is formed from plant remains that have been buried underground and transformed through a long and complex process involving biochemistry, geochemistry and physicochemical changes. Disappointingly, the electrochemical performance of coal-derived hard carbon is poor.
Graphite presents a highly organized structure and small inter-planner distances (3.35 Å) and the K-ion diffusion through the planes can be unidimensional, while the hard carbon materials present a disordered structure with randomly orientated planes and higher interlayer distances (3.59 to 3.69 Å).
The graphite will not be used as electrode in the sodium ion batteries because of the diameter of the sodium ions (Ø = 380 p.m.) are greater than the diameter of the lithium ions (Ø = 334 p.m.) in which the intercalation system failed and the electrochemical reaction is electrochemically reversible.
Since the optimized FF parameter adequately describe the NaSICON system, NVT-MD simulations are conducted using this FF parameter set (Table S3 †) to investigate the Na + diffusion behavior in Na 1+x+y Zr 2-y Sc y Si x P 3-x O 12 (0 # x # 3; 0 # y # 2) over the temperatures range of 298 # T/K # 798.
This may be due to the increase in the degree of internal order of hard carbon, the gradual decrease in interlayer spacing, and the thicker walls of closed pores formed by bent graphene layers, which are not conducive to the insertion and extraction of sodium ions in the interlayer and closed pores.
The as-prepared Fe 7 S 8 /FeS 2 /NCNT heterostructures inherit substantial lattice defects and sufficient buffer space offered by the NCNT, which endow the Fe 7 S 8 / FeS 2 /NCNT electrode with high sodium storage activity, rapid ionic diffusion kinetics, and excellent electrochemical reversibility.
Here we report operando 1 H and 23 Na nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy and imaging experiments to observe the speciation and distribution of sodium in the electrode and electrolyte during sodiation and desodiation of hard carbon in a sodium metal cell and a sodium-ion full-cell configuration.
The diagonal from the top left to the bottom right in Fig. 11(d) represents the single-transition-metal NASICON systems (M = M ′ ), where the average voltage is observed to increase monotonically with the atomic number of the transition metal, reaching the highest values for Co and Ni-based systems.
Conversely, a b value close to 1 suggests that sodium storage is mainly dominated by a fast capacitive mechanism. 56 As presented in Fig. 9B, the downward peaks in the discharge part, referred to as the reducer peaks, and the plots of log(i) versus log(v), provide insight into the storage mechanism.
When the v value is adjusted to 0.5 mV s -1 , the capacitive contribution ratio reaches 58.2% shown in Fig. 6d, which indicates that the Na + storage mechanism of surface pseudocapacitance contribution should dominate and determine fast and stable sodium storage capability at high current densities.
It may explain the controversial results reported by X-ray diffraction and Raman spectroscopy in different studies: some authors observe shift signals during the high voltage reduction (slope region ) others below 0.1 V (the plateau region ), and some of them do not detect any sodium intercalation .
SIB is an important energy storage technology with low cost, rich resources and good comprehensive performance, with great development potential, sodium element has similar electrochemical properties to lithium, and its resources are rich, so in future development, the SIB has a very broad prospect.
And it had been demonstrated that the hydrothermal treatment followed high temperature pyrolysis method was an effective approach for preparation of hard carbon materials with lamellar structure and enlarged nano-pores using betula platyphylla and sophora japonica leaf as raw materials respectively.
Three novel sodium salts withdiffuse negative charges: sodium pentacyanopropenide (NaPCPI), sodium 2,3,4,5-tetracyanopirolate (NaTCP) and sodium 2,4,5-tricyanoimidazolate (NaTIM) were designed andtested in a poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO) matrix as polymer electrolytes for anallsolid sodium-ion battery.
The results herein shed new light on the structural evolution and reaction mechanism of P2-type Fe-, Mn-based sodium layered oxides during (de-)sodiation at current densities relevant for practical application and provide new insight into the causes of capacity fading and how this can be alleviated.
Importantly, these doped carbons meet the two prerequisites: the specific surface area of all carbons are below 10 m 2 /g, where the structure-property correlation would not be masked by the SEI formation; by pyrolysis treatment at 1100 ˚C, these carbon samples belong to the category of hard carbon.
The selection of UiO-abdc was also influenced by its chemical stability and robust mechanical properties. The MOF exhibited stable cycling at low current rates and the sodium-ion insertion/ deinsertion was characterised using several techniques to understand the role of azo-group for charge storage.
Among the widely investigated anodes (conversion, alloy, intercalation, and carbonaceous) (Zhang et al. 2019) in research papers, hard carbon is the most practical, promising family of anodes for the commercialization of SIB due to its high capacity and low (de)sodiation potentials (Li et al. 2023).
However, graphite does not function as a potential anode in SIBs, due to the inherent difficulties involved in the insertion of sodium ions based on size factor. i.e. insertion of Na + ions into graphite is severely limited, because of its larger radius (0.95 Å) compared with that of Li ion (0.6 Å).
The sodium storage behaviour was reported to be highly size dependent, due to the slow diffusion kinetics with an apparent sodium diffusion coefficient of 2.7 Â 10 À16 cm 2 s À1 , i.e. ve order of magnitudes smaller than that of lithium. 217 Thus nanosizing is necessary to achieve high performance.
Meanwhile, they also presented that desodiation process of α-NaFeO 2 is accompanied by coherently nucleated O''3-Na 1-x FO and m-Na 1-x FO phases in 2.0-3.6 V, rather than to form P3 phase via layer gliding, which is common for most O3-type cathode, such as NaCrO 2 , NaCoO 2 and NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 .
Moreover, the Na-ion storage capacity in the low potential region also originated from a reversible interfacial Na-ion intercalation reaction within the Mn/NaF matrix as Li-ion intercalation. Also, the minor anodic peak at about 1.61 V can be ascribed to the partial conversion of Mn/ NaF into MnF 2 .
The cell was assembled in an MBraun Argon glovebox (O 2 and H 2 O <0.1 ppm) using a glass ber lter (Whatman) as the separator, 150 ml NaPF 6 in EC/DEC (1 : 1 v/v) (Kishida) of electrolyte, and a 1 mm thick disc with a diameter of 16 mm of rolled sodium metal (99.8% oiled sticks, Thermo Scientic™).
In addition, the addition of S also provides sodium storage capacity and increases the electron/ion exchange rate, so NSPC exhibits enhanced cycling performance (98% capacity retention at 10 A g -1 after 700 cycles) and rate performance (233.3 mAh g -1 reversible capacity at 10 A g -1 ) [Figure 14D].
We also performed ionic conductivity testing, and it was found that the total conductivity in various temperatures of the Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 ) material was of the same order of magnitude compared with the well-recognised NASICON-type Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 electrode (Supplementary Fig. 22) 49 .
The higher slope (σ = 92.3) of the CNF/G/ MoS 2 composite (Supplementary Fig. 29) compared with the MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid (σ = 33.4) demonstrates less efficient sodium ions transfer inside the CNF/G/MoS 2 composite anode, which limits rapid sodium ions insertion/extraction under high current densities.
This could be explained by that sodium ions slowly diffuse into the core of bismuth particle due to the concentration gradient of sodium from the surface to the core of bismuth. 22 The desodiation of those sodium ions from the core of bismuth particles will consequently become an issue at high rates.
For example, the O3 type cathode has a relatively high sodium content, so the theoretical specific capacity is very high, while the P2 type has a larger spacing distance between the transition metal layers due to the triangular prism lattice unit, so the sodium ion transmission speed will be higher .
When the Na composition is 2/3 (Na2/3), i.e., at the directly synthesized or low charge state, compared with the undoped case (Figure 4c), the Li doped supercell shows a significant DOS increase projected from those two bands that are mainly contributed by the Ni ions around the doped Li (Figure 4d).
Such high specific surface area with mesoporous structure could provide more sodium storage sites, accommodate the strain/stress during the cycling, and improve the electrode/electrolyte contact, and these factors are expected to significantly improve the electrochemical properties for TiO 2 /C HRTs.
Among these, the polyanionic based Na Super Ionic Conductor (NASICON) materials, with general formula Na x TM 2 (XO 4 ) 3 , TM = V, Fe, Cr, Mn, Ti etc. and X = P, S, Si, B, have become hotspot due to their 3D open framework, which allows Na ions to be sodiated/desodiated under meagre lattice strains.
On the other hand, MgO has been reported to act as templating agent in the interstices between different carbon planes, allowing the formation of a uniform porosity and facilitating the cyclic intercalation of the relatively big sodium ions and buffering the volume change accommodation upon cycling .
The enlarged polarization is also observed in Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 cycled at 200 mA g -1 (Figure S3) since the phase transition to O'3 also occurs (confirmed by ex-situ PXRD) whilst slightly higher initial capacity is delivered than Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 consistent with the results at 10 mA g -1 .
To prepare electrochemically cycled Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 for ex-situ characterization, working electrodes were constructed by mixing the active material (Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 or Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2) and super C65 carbon in the mass ratio 75: 25 with no binder in air.
Overall, this study suggests that deliberately introducing vacancies in the TM layer can enhance the capacity, stability, and electrochemical properties of hexagonal P2 structured cathode materials, offering new possibilities for the development of advanced cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
In this work, we have developed an all-solid-state ferroelectric-engineered composite electrolyte to improve the electrode-electrolyte interfacial stability as well as the interfacial ion conduction in the sodium-ion battery using the NASICON-structured Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 as both cathodes and anodes.
A smaller s value correlates with an enhanced diffusion rate of sodium ions, enabling more efficient utilization of the material and contributing to the stability of the battery. 75 This relationship between the s value and ion diffusion underpins the superior cycling performance observed in Y-PB-15.
The P4 peak positioned at ∼5 ms could be the charge transfer resistance at the sodium metal anode, which only offers high impedance when the cell voltage is within the broad inactive redox region between the Ti 3+ /Ti 4+ and Mn 2+ /Mn 3+ , while remaining stable with low impedance at other voltages .
As an SIB anode, the heterostructure provided an excellent reversible capacity of 481.6 mAh g -1 at 0.5 A g -1 for 100 cycles (Fig. 22c), favorable rate performance (174.5 mAh g -1 at 20.0 A g -1 , Fig. 22d) and outstanding cycle stability (333.4 mAh g -1 after 2 000 cycles at 5.0 A g -1 , Fig. 22e).
Compared with conventional well-crystallized TMDs materials, the existence of quantum-scale FeS 2 could manipulate uncoordinated electronic states, supply ample reaction active sites and accelerate the charge transfer kinetic, which contributes to high-efficiency sodium storage under wide temperature.
Previous studies 9 have shown that the organic content (mainly formed by solvent decomposition) of the SEI on sodiated hard carbon decreases in the order: NaPF 6 > NaClO 4 > NaTFSI > NaFSI, which suggests that the rst three anions are less effective in contributing to SEI formation compared to NaFSI.
An electrode was fabricated by forming a film consisting only of the active material on a copper foil substrate. 4 A 2032-type coin electrode was fabricated as the working electrode, a sodium metal sheet as the counter electrode, and a glass fiber filter as the separator for the charge-discharge test.
It should be pointed out that the Na-ion storage behavior of the hard carbon-based electrode was preliminarily investigated in Na||hard carbon coin cell at 25 °C and 50 mA g -1 where a reversible sodiation capacity of approximately 290 mAh g -1 at the 2nd cycle was obtained (Supplementary Fig. 31b,c).
While there are still opportunities to ne tune the chemical composition of sodium layered oxides, investigations into alternative modications such as composite materials, which exploit the assets of multiple-phase materials, or optimization of the cathode electrode interface could be more rewarding.
During the sodium removal process, only sodium ions adsorbed on the external layer of the ZTC and in the supercages near the external surface can desorb, while the sodium ions adsorbed in the internal voids of ZTC are retained and cannot leave due to the high adsorption energy and long diffusion path.
To demonstrate the future application of this N3 electrode in aqueous batteries for Na storage, a suitable negative electrode with an appropriate potential window and compatible capacity should be developed to couple with the N3 electrode for constructing the highvoltage aqueous Na-ion storage device.
Lithium and sodium salts of these compounds have high conductivity and, in particular, high superionic conductivity on the order of 10 ¹2 S cm ¹1 has been reported for the sodium salt. 11 Thus, attention was focused on the use of these compounds as all-solidstate electrolytes for sodium-ion batteries.
To reduce the barrier causing this poor electronic conductivity so as to investigate the true sodium storage and conducting properties of this compound, carbon coating in synthesis and carbon mixing with ball-milling were used to improve the electronic conductivity, as has been done with LiFePO 4 28 .
Hu et al. reported the electronic properties and ion storage capabilities, including sodium-ion storage of Nb 2 C monolayers and their derivatives based on rst principle calculations. 80 Fig. 4a andb represent the triple layer constructed in the order Nb-C-Nb that makes up each bare Nb 2 C monolayer.
Another critical challenge in SIBs is the high energy barrier for sodium ion desolvation at the electrode-electrolyte interface, which becomes increasingly energy-intensive at low temperatures and induces significant charge transfer impedance, thereby limiting battery performance in cold environments.
By using X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), temperature-programmed desorption coupled with mass spectrometry (TPD-MS) and gas adsorption techniques, the slope region was attributed to sodium ion adsorption on disordered graphitic sheets and the plateau region to the sodium ion filling into pores.
Interestingly, sodium ion ow in the furrows of puckered borophene is extremely fast with a low energy barrier of 30 meV, which is much lower than those of other widely investigated anode materials such as graphyne (400 meV), phosphorene (40-63 meV), Na 3 P (40 meV), NaSi (310 meV) or MoS 2 (110 meV).
A few non-spherical hard carbons showed a similar surface area below 50 m 2 g À1 but failed to improve the (ICE) beyond 73%, however, SHCs with a similar surface area showed ICE up to 95%. 36,47 A lower surface area per unit volume for SHCs leads to less electrolyte consumption during the first cycle.
For this purpose, sodium bis(triuoromethanesulfonyl)imide (NaTFSI) was introduced into N-butyl-pyrrolidinium bis(triuoromethanesulfonyl)imide (Pyr H4 TFSI) to form a sodium-ion conducting electrolyte further characterized for conductivity, viscosity, electrochemical stability, and cycling stability.
As shown in the figure, the blue region around carboxyl oxygen in BT has a lower potential, indicating that CQO in -COO-Na may be the binding site for sodium ions. 31 The energy required for the two-step sodium storage reaction of BT (BT-Na and BT-2Na) is À1.41 eV and À0.51 eV, respectively (Fig. 3b).
This indicates that the bonding of red phosphorus with hard carbon has expanded the interlayer spacing of graphite crystallites, which is benecial for the rapid insertion and extraction of Na + in phosphated hard carbon. 28,29 Fig. 1d depicts the Raman spectra of several hard carbon samples, and Fig.
Overall, the electronic structure analysis, large values of diffusion coefficient and electrical conductivity, high quantum capacitance values, and considerable areal charge storage indicate that ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5 exhibit favorable characteristics for integration in hybrid energy storage systems.
The only example of a sodium-containing oxysulphide for Na-ion battery is the Na 2 Cu 2.09 O 0.5 S 2 phase which has been investigated as a conversion-type anode material. 69 The Na 2 Fe 2 OS 2 material gives a theoretical capacity of 225 mA h g À1 , 75% of which is obtained on the rst charge to 3 V.
However, there are several issues limited their practical application, such as poor rate performance, which is generally considered to stem from slow sodium diffusion kinetics in the hard carbon particles. 13 Shorten Na + solid diffusion pathway is an effective approach to improve the rate capability.
The working electrode and lithium/sodium metal foil (as counter electrode) were separated by a sheet of Whatman GF/C glass fiber separator soaked with freshly prepared 1 M NaClO 4 in propylene carbonate (PC) electrolyte for SIB and commercial 1 M LiPF 6 in EC/PC/ DMC (1:1:1, Kishida Chemicals) for LIB.
Herein, we successfully synthesize nitrogenrich and electron-deficient p-type ligand-based Ni 3 (HATQ) 2 assembled from 2,3,7,8,12,13hexaaminotricycloquinazoline (HATQ), and the ion co-storage feature of cations and anions in sodium ion batteries (SIBs) is demonstrated for 2D c-MOFs for the first time.
At the initial OCV (= ''before cycling''), an interfacial contribution is observed as a single semi-circle in the Nyquist representation Moreover, when only one of the two sodium metal/SE interfaces in the symmetric cell is considered, half of the interfacial impedance of the single semi-circle in Fig.
Na symmetric cycling revealed that sodium stripping/plating in the N 2(2O2O1)3 FSI-NaFSI mixture was as stable as in the P 111i4 FSI-NaFSI electrolyte underscoring the critical role of the solid-electrolyte interphase (SEI) structure and morphology on the surface of sodium metal in cycling performance.
In this context, to explore the connection between pore structure and electrochemical behavior, it is essential to establish key characteristic behaviors, such as the intercalation/deintercalation mechanism in graphite for Li storage, which is referred to as the 'card of house model' in sodium storage.
The tunnel-structured sodium titanates such as NaTi 2 O 4 , 25 Na 2 Ti 4 O 9 (ref. 26) and Na 2 Ti 6 O 13 (ref. 27-30), have also been reported to show reversible sodium insertion/extraction capacities of 45 and 66 mA h g -1 at a high current rate of 2 A g -1 (30C) with long cycling life (5000 cycles).
We conducted combined experimental and first principles studies, which reveal that it is the high binding energy between B-doping induced defects and Na-ions that cause the irreversibility, thus raising a new trapping mechanism to explain the low first cycle coulombic efficiency of B-doped hard carbon.
However, employing a diglyme-based electrolyte, sodium ions can be reversibly intercalated via a solvent co-intercalation process, forming the ternary intercalation compound [Na(DGM) x ] + , 75 which consequently leads to a substantial increase in the hard carbon capacity of reversibly store Na + ions.
Sodium-ion batteries have attracted extensive attentions for such large-scale applications in both scientific and technological aspects because of the abundance of sodium resources and potential low cost as well as the similarity of sodium-ion storage device to those of as lithium-ion batteries 6- 20 .
Using catechols such as polydopamine and tannins has been reported as a successful strategy to coat Prussian blue derivatives (PBDs) with a carbon coating. 26 Data from the XRD and Raman characterization aer the synthesis indicate a possible FeV formation but with broad reections and weak bands (Fig.
The cost of extraction of Na of only $150 ton -1 is much lower than that of Li, being $5000 ton -1 Moreover, cathode materials for Na-ion batteries do not require cobalt and nickel, and contain abundant, and also environmentally benign transition metals, such as iron, manganese, vanadium, and titanium.
Electrochemical analysis revealed that the observed improvements could be attributable to enhanced sodium-ion diffusion kinetics, diminished charge-transfer impedance, and bolstered structural stability, which are consequences of the nitrogen-doped carbon shell and the presence of internal void spaces.
If we could design an integrated electrode/electrolyte structure and enhance the ionic/electronic conduction within the electrodes, especially within the NVP anode, an attractive energy-density as well as further improved cyclic performance would be obtained in the all-solid-state sodium-ion batteries.
The excess diffusion of sodium ions is analyzed from the migration barrier of Na + (E m ) within the DFT-calculated ground state conguration of Na 0.22 MnO 2 , a composition that is obtained aer the electrochemical extraction of 0.22 Na from tt-NMO by restricting the charge capacity of 60 mA h g -1 .
B for Na + migration is presented in Fig. 4b, with a calculated energy barrier as low as 69.9 meV, which is much lower than that of typical Na-ion insertion materials as previous reported, such as TiO 2 (2.20 eV), TiS 2 (1.20 eV), and TiSe 2 (0.5 eV), confirming the fast kinetics of Ti 3 C 2 -N funct .
To investigate the effect of NG on ZMO with respect to Na-ion insertion/extraction behaviour, we have carried out the electrochemical characterization such as cyclic voltammetry (CV) and galvanostatic discharge/charge cycling studies with respect to bare ZMO and ZMO/NG nanocomposite anodes individually.
The results reveal that the diffusion barrier between parallel N/P-doped graphitic layers (0.166 eV) is markedly lower than that in the undoped system (0.459 eV), implying that sodium ions are more readily stored and inserted within the doped interlayers, thereby enhancing the rate capability of DAP-HC.
This lower electrochemical potential of Na insertion-extraction is beneficial for a negative electrode, and enables us to assemble 2 V-class sodium-ion cells 11,12 as the same as a Li-ion cell using a LTO negative electrode. 3,13 Thus studies of LTO as an electrode material for a SIB are highly desired.
These post-Li-ion strategies can be combined to tailor battery characteristics to specific application requirements. The intercalation chemistry of Li and Na metal ions is quite similar, making the materials tested for Li-ion batteries (LIB) potentially applicable to Na-ion systems (NIB) and vice versa.
Both the Fe 3 O 4 electrode and purchased hard carbon (KURARAY Co., Ltd., Japan (Type 2)) was prepared by mixing 80 wt. % active material, 10 wt. % conductive carbon black, and 10 wt. % carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC, binder) to form the electrode slurry with a proper amount of deionized water as solvent.
In this way, the energy density of the SnSb/Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 full-cell battery developed in this work compares favorably to other recently reported Na-ion full-cells. Similarly, the SnSb/LiCoO 2 Li-ion full-cell exhibits an energy density of 340 W h kg À1 , comparable to the graphite/LiCoO 2 system.
Recently, a P2-type Na 0.67 Mg 0.28 Mn 0.72 O 2 has been reported to work as a promising high capacity cathode for sodium ion batteries. 25,26 It was found that the major charge compensation comes from the reversible lattice oxygen redox with minor capacity contribution from residual Mn 3+ /Mn 4+ redox.
Figure 5 shows (a) the calculated formation energies for Na 2-x V 3 O 7 in which the total electron energies for the end compositions (x = 0 and 2) were set to zero, (b) the calculated voltage profile, and (c) occupancies of sodium ions for Na1-Na5 sites as functions of composition x in Na 2-x V 3 O 7 .
The predicted values presented here estimate ΔH h to be 0.28 eV at X = 0.2, which correlates well with the value of 0.21 eV measured by NMR spectroscopy for Li 1.2 Al 0.2 Ti 1.8 (PO 4 ) 3 , 30 given that titanium-based NASICONs are known to have lessrestrictive bottlenecks than germanium-based analogues.
An optimum ratio of y= 0.3 (Na 0.67 Ni 0.3 Zn 0.03 Mn 0.37 Ti 0.3 O 2 ) is beneficial for cycle life as well as rate capability and the study points the importance of carefully selecting transition metal combinations in finest ratio to achieve the best performing sodium layered oxide electrode materials.
Primary candidate materials include nongraphitic carbons created from pyrolysis of organic and polymer precursors (hard carbons) or derived from aromatic starting materials (soft carbons) 5, , with the main distinction being that hard carbons cannot be graphitised, even at temperatures exceeding 2000 °C.
The relationship between structure type and sodium content is also supported by the fact that (electro-)chemical insertion/deinsertion of Na in O3-type leads to the conversion to P3-type and in P2-type to the formation of a O2-type structure that has, in addition, never been obtained by direct synthesis.
For example, Lu et al. coated hard carbons with Al 2 O 3 films by atomic layer deposition to develop an artificial SEI layer, leading to both lower BET surface area and pore volume; this strategy improved both the capacity, from 260 mAh g -1 to 355 mAh g -1 , and the ICE from 67% to 75% (at 20 mA g -1 ).
Core peaks were fitted with a nonlinear Shirley-type background. 35 Peak positions and areas were optimized by a weighted least-squares fitting method using 70% Gaussian and 30% Lorentzian line shapes, except for the C-C and Na x C bands in hard carbon, which were fitted using an asymmetrical line shape.
Besides, GITT and in situ Raman imply that phosphorus species can elevate the diffusion coefficient of Na + between microcrystalline interlayers to facilitate the diffusion-controlled Na + insertion process and the sodium storage mechanism model may conform to "adsorption, intercalation and pore lling".
Table S2 lists TF-resin prepared in this work vs. other hard carbons derived from epoxy novolac resin (Zhang et al., 2014), pitch (Kim et al., 2016), and polyphenylene sulfide (Luo et al., 2018), which demonstrates that the SHC derived from TF-resin deliver better discharge capacity and rate performance.
Na-ion coin cells were assembled by using the above working electrode, counter electrode, glass fiber from Whatman as the separator, and 1 mol L -1 NaClO 4 in a mixed solvent of ethylene carbonate (EC) and diethyl carbonate (DEC) (vol/ vol = 1:1) with 5 vol% fluoroethylene carbonate (FEC) as electrolyte.
Signals collected in the narrow 2 theta range around diffraction indicate that Na0.55 can still undergo a reversible O3-P3 phase transition at 1 C (120 mA g -1 ) and 5 C (600 mA g -1 ) rates (Fig. 3c ande), and maintains 82.2% O3 phase and 17.8% P3 phase after 3 cycles under 5 C (600 mA g -1 ) (Fig. 3g).
This review thoroughly summarized recent research progress in modifications of O3-type Na x Ni y Fe z Mn 1-y-z O 2 layered transition metal oxides, focusing especially on three challenges of irreversible phase transitions, migration of transition metal ions and Jahn-Teller effect, and poor air stability.
To test this, we compared the performance of pure soot nanoparticles to that of the composite in half-cell congurations as negative electrodes against sodium metal in a CR2032 type coin cell using 1 M NaPF 6 in 1 : 1 (v/v) EC/DEC, in the voltage range between 0.002-2 V and at constant current densities.
Despite the attractive features of NASICON LATP, it is not clear whether the high conductivity of Li 1+x Ti 2-x Al x (PO 4 ) 3 composition is intrinsic to the structure or the formation of secondary phases that favors sintering and eliminate grain-boundary resistance is the cause of high conductivity , .
Sodium vanadium fluorophosphate [Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 , NVPF], as a sodium (Na) super ionic conductor material, has attracted significant interest as a very promising cathode material for sodium-ion batteries due to its structural stability, rapid ion transport capability, and high operating potential.
These results support the fact that lower mobile ion conductivity was achieved from NCAP glass that from any other types of NASICON glasses. 68 The changes in the environment of the Na + cation in the NCABP and NCAGP glasses are also accounted for from the observation of changes in 23 Na MAS-NMR spectra.
We begin by describing the ball milling synthesis of Na-alloys, then present the use of the Na-ball milling approach for pre-sodiation of insertion positive electrodes (P2-Na 0.67 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 , NVPF), and end with the implementation of both approaches towards the optimization of full Na-ion cells.
The ability of selenium to intercalate sodium ions at an average voltage of 1.5 V is wellknown. 26 We consider the second option as more reasonable, since the shape of the Se K-edge for Na 2Àx Fe 2 Se 2 O at deep states of charge (x Z 1) looks like a superposition of those for FeSe and elemental selenium.
Very recently, intense scientic interest has been attracted to sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) because of their denite advantages of lower material costs and plentiful resources from the sea, compared to LIBs. Thus, in large-scale energy storage applications, SIBs are promising alternatives to replace LIBs.
A hydrothermally treated nanocomposite Sb 2 O 3 -CNT-graphene with high surface area exposed offered adequate electrolyte wetting in an SIB assembly, demonstrating a capacitive output of 360 mAh g -1 over 100 cycles at 0.1 A g -1 with a good rate performance (140 mAh g -1 at ampere density of 2 A g -1 ) .
After sodiation, a passivation reaction composed of NaO forms, this increases the wettability between sodium metal and NASICON, leading to enhancement in the O signal. 15 The islands suggest that as sodium approaches the surface, the electric field around the probe (Fig. 1d) causes the sodium to nucleate.
Furthermore, a pair of strong redox peaks at around 0.02/0.12 V for all samples can be ascribed to the reversible sodium insertion/extraction in the hard carbons. 12 The initial galvanostatic discharge-charge proles of the samples are presented in Fig. 4a at a current density of 0.1C (1C ¼ 300 mA g À1 ).
Solid solutions containing Na2MnO3 were found suitable for two major subjects, one the extraction of two Na+ ions at voltages > 4.7 V, where yields the extra amount of initial charges capacities, and second the MnO2 ingredient that on the removal of Na, gives well structural stability in that combination.
Based on this hybrid electrolyte, an ASIB full cell using carbon coated Na 2.85 K 0.15 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 and NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 as the cathode and anode materials, respectively, can afford a discharge capacity and energy density of 52 mA h g À1 and 51 W h kg À1 , respectively, at a current density of 1 A g À1 .
In order to examine the incorporation of Zr ions to the NASICON structure as a solid solution crystalline phase, lattice parameters (a and c), as well as the d-spacing of the strongest peak line in each XRD pattern of Fig. 2, were calculated according to the Rietveld refinement and applying MAUD software.
These parameters are critical for the evaluation of the performance of electrolytes in Na-ion batteries, as they influence ionic transport efficiency and stability. Table 4 includes a range of compounds, namely, Na 6 MCl 8 (M = Mg 2+ , Zn 2+ , Ca 2+ , Sr 2+ , and Ba 2+ ), Na 2 Mg 3 Cl 8 and Na 2 -MgCl 4 .
Recently, a O3-type Na 0.5 Mn 0.65 Ni 0.15 Al 0.1 Mg 0.05 Co 0.05 O 2 nanoflower was presented based on multi-metal synergetic mechanism, in which Al 3+ and Mg 2+ have a positive effect on structure stability, Co 2+ can enhance rate capacity, Ni 2+ and Mn 3+ is mainly responsible for charge compensations.
S6, † the XRD diffraction patterns of the cycled NTP/CNFs electrode still indicated a NASICON NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 phase, whereas the NVP/ CNFs electrode contained Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 and desodiated Na x V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 phases (x ¼ 1 or 2), which was probably due to a delay in the phase transition of the cathode.
The following equation can be used to calculate the diffusion constant (D) of lithium and sodium ions. 62 where T is the ambient temperature, E b is the barrier energy, k B is the Boltzmann constant, and D 0 is the temperatureindependent pre-exponential constant and we took the D 0 value same for all path.
However, the observations conrm the existence of continuous monoclinic to rhombohedral symmetry transformation, which has an inuence on the structural parameters, such as interatomic distances, occupancies, and lattice parameters, and therefore, inuences the overall Na + transport mechanism in NASICONs.
A variation of temperature simultaneously implies the modification of the chemical, structural and textural properties of hard carbons, which makes difficult to assess the relationships between the different sections of the charge/discharge curves and the interactions between sodium ions and the materials.
To gain further detailed Na-ion storage in terms of reaction kinetics of ZMO/NG nanocomposite anode, we have carried out electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) measurements in the frequency range of 10 kHz to 100 mHz, for conditions such as before and aer cycling and the results are appended in Fig.
The peak shape and intensity slightly vary during Na + insertion, for example, the NaCO 3 R and NaF concentration increases, which is due to their partial dissolution in the organic carbonate-based electrode during Na + extraction, and might be the responsible of the R EEI drop observed below 2.1 V 43,67 .
The Na-ion capacity of the hard carbon samples was also investigated in a three-electrode Swagelok T-cell using sodium metal (99.95%, Sigma-Aldrich, Germany) as counter and reference electrodes and 1 M NaPF 6 (99%, Sigma-Aldrich, Germany) in EC/DEC = 1:1 (v/v) (<20 ppm H 2 O, BASF, Germany) as electrolyte.
Owing to the superior Na storage performance of NFMMT/ NaCaPO 4 in Na half cells, this cathode was integrated into Na-ion full cells (with commercial hard carbon (HC) anodes) and anode-free cells (with carbon-coated Al (Al-C) negative-electrode current collectors) to assess its practical applicability 51 .
The more stable and efficient cesium-adsorption can be realized in Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 . it is because the use of voltage forces that all sodium ions neighbouring the surface migrates into the contaminated water, and then cesium is coercively adsorbed into the cubic centre, due to charge compensation.
These results clearly indicate the high complexity in the synthesis towards O3-Na[Li 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 and the oxygen content in the atmosphere, essentially the oxygen chemical potential, is a critical factor that yet remains unexplored, resulting in limited progress in O3-type anionic redox sodium cathodes.
For half cells sodium metal (Sigma-Aldrich) was used as the counter electrode, while for full cells the cathode material -Na (0.79±0.05) Ni (0.27±0.05) Mn (0.42±0.05) Mg (0.15±0.05) Ti (0.17±0.05) O (2±0.05) was used on a C-coated Al foil with a composition of 92% active, 3% conducting additive, 5% binder.
The CV curves show the initial prominent peaks centered at ~ 0.7 and 0.4 V, which is related to sodium-ion intercalation into MoO 2.0 N 0.5 to form Na x MoO 2.0 N 0.5 phase and the formation of solid electrolytes interphase (SEI) layers when MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC is employed as an anode for SIBs (shown in Fig.
The presodiation strategy of P2-layered oxides by thermal evaporation of sodium has also been demonstrated in all-solid-state sodium metal cells as proof of concept, using poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO):sodium trifluoromethanesulfonate (NaTFSI) (EO/Na + = 20 weigh ratio) polymer electrolyte operating at 70 °C.
It is essential to study the properties of the starting cellulosic structure from the cotton (e.g., a cellulose fiber or nanocellulose) as it can have a significant impact on the resultant hard carbon microstructure, morphology, and surface which in turn affects Na storage behavior and battery performance.
The weak anodic oxidation at high potentials and the rectangular CV curves of these materials indicate that a signicant portion of the sodium storage capacity is attributed to the capacitive control process. 41 Galvanostatic charge-discharge tests were on CrGO (ILrGO, HBrGO and FArGO) electrode materials.
Based on the anodic capacities obtained for Li-and Na-ion fullcells and the theoretical capacities of the cathode materials (140 mA h g À1 for LiCoO 2 and 129.7 mA h g À1 for Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 ) 45 the theoretical cell capacities can be estimated, using C cell ¼ C anode C cathode /(C anode + C cathode ).
The specific capacity is very stable in the subsequent cycles, reaching 93.4% of the theoretical specific capacity (113.6 mAh g -1 ), along with a high average Coulombic efficiency of 99.8%, indicating that the NaFe[O 3 PCH(OH)CO 2 ] can achieve almost complete intercalation/de-intercalation of sodium ions.
The structural evolution of NVPF and the sodium insertion/ extraction processes are expressed in : It should be noted that NVPF suffers from intrinsically poor electronic conductivity (~ 10 -12 S cm -1 ) due to the insulating [ PO 4 ] tetrahedra that spatially separate V atoms and impede electron transport.
In the O3-type structure, sodium ions occupy octahedral sites, and the size of the interlayer spacing directly affects the ease of sodium ion migration. 8,9 Narrower interlayer spacing increases the migration barrier, hindering the rapid migration of sodium ions and impacting the battery's rate performance.
Motivation: Low Temperature Molten Sodium (Na-NaI) Batteries Martha Gross Na  Na + + e -E 0 = 0 V I 3 -+ 2e - 3I -E 0 = 3.24 V 2Na + I 3 - 2Na + + 3I -E 0 cell = 3.24 V Realizing a new, low temperature molten Na battery requires new battery materials and chemistries -particularly in sodium ion conductors
However, it tends to be overly sensitive to unnecessary data. 76 For the analysis conducted with ML here, the reversible capacities of various biomass-based hard carbons are predicted by rst using a training set to train the models and allowing the models to use the patterns learnt to predict the unknowns.
Compared to GC-1000, the capacity of GC-2050 in both sloping and plateau region reduced slightly due to a decrease of active sites of electrochemical adsorption/desorption to sodium ion that resulted from the decreases of specific surface area and defects when the temperature increased from 1000 to 2050 °C.
To enhance the cycle life of the NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 /HC (Hard carbon) full-cell, a functional electrolyte with fluoroethylene carbonate (FEC), prop-1-ene-1,3-sultone (PST) and 1,3,2-dioxathiolane-2,2-dioxide (DTD) tri-additivesare incorporated and achieved stable capacity retention over 1000 cycles.
The capacity gradually decreases over cycles and remains 238.9 mAh.g -1 at the 50 th cycle as seen in Figure 2 A full-cell SIB was fabricated by coupling the NFCCu cathode and pure hard carbon (HC) anode and the weight ratio of the active material of the cathode and the anode was optimized to be about 2.95.
Using complementary characterization techniques (XRD, Raman, TEM, gas adsorption, SAXS) and galvanostatic electrochemical measurements, we show that this elaboration route allows the possibility to control and modify the porosity of the hard carbons without any modification of the structure of the material.
Such a design allows exceptional sodium ion battery performance in terms of high-power correspondence and long-term stability and enables the recycling of ∼100% Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 and ∼99.1% elemental aluminum without the release of toxic wastes, resulting in a solid-component recycling efficiency of >98.0%.
There are three major problems faced by these organic materials such as 1) low conductivity which can slow down reaction kinetics 2) the Particle pulverization due to volume change while sodium ion insertion or extraction and 3) the high solubility of organic material looses activity due to repeated cycling.
Hard carbon was mixed with 3 wt% carboxymethyl cellulose sodium salt binder (MW 250000, Thermo Scientic™) and water using a Thinky mixer to create a slurry, before being cast on the aluminium current collector to obtain a thickness of 0.7 mm and covering a circular area of 1 cm 2 to match the beam aperture.
Kubota et al. 69 showed that hard carbon synthesised from the sucrose precursor exhibits two crystallite width behaviours: constant Lc values (~ 0.7 nm) when the pyrolysis temperature was varied from 700 °C to 1300 °C and a significant increase between 1300 °C and 2000 °C, reaching a value as high as 1.3 nm.
According to the sodium ion full cell demonstrated by Hasa et al. 25 , the output voltage was only 2.2 V due to the high potential exhibited by graphite anode (i.e., 0.77 V), which led to an unsatisfactory energy density of 60 Wh kg -1 , far from sufficient to meet the requirement for practical applications.
By calculation (as shown in Figures 5C,D), it is found that the material prepared with ascorbic acid presents the highest sodium ion diffusion coefficient, 2.68 × 10 -15 cm 2 s -1 , which might be due to its high contact area between the electrode material and electrolyte as well as its low crystallite size.
The local Li environment in P2-type hosts is a key factor that affects the structural stability. In absence of the Li loss in the P2 structure as detected by ICP-OES (Table S11), we further performed the 7 Li MAS NMR measurement to understand the fate of Li in NLMMO during the charge and discharge processes.
Although many of these cathodes have demonstrated their commercial viability, such as oxides, Prussian blue, Prussian white analogs, and Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 (NVPF), unfortunately, all of them are coupled with hard carbon anode materials without any major research breakthrough using alloying-based anodes .
Generally, the structure of large void space inside the N-rich carbon shell for SnSe 2 -based anodes would be expected to have superior performance for sodium storage. 29,30 The composition and crystal structure information of precursors, SnSe 2 and SnSe 2 @NC were investigated using X-ray diffraction (XRD).
The high rate capability and excellent cycling performance of the present NTP-M//NVOPF-rGO Na-ion fullcell is mainly attributed to the high-rate electrode materials, which are supported by their structural stability and good electronic conductivity, as well as the highly interactive effect of the CMC binder.
Current sodium storage mechanisms encompass three primary behaviors: sodium adsorption on defects/graphite surfaces, intercalation within graphite layers, and nanopore filling, described by proposed models including "adsorption-insertion", "insertion-filling", "adsorption-filling", and "multistep processes".
Given the importance of future material supply in such perspective, we evaluated main metal elements (Mn, Fe, Al, Ti, Ni, V, and Co) used in sodium cathode materials using the following metric: abundance in the earth's crust, global share reserves, side-effects of their mining methods, and their supply risk.
A similar behavior has been also reported for another Prussian blue-like electrode, the iron hexacyanocobaltate . -84 - On the other side, for the Li-cell (Figure 45d), only one sloping discharge plateau was observed, with lower discharge capacity (40 mAh g -1 in the first cycle) compare to the Na coin cell.
Recently, LTO attracts much attention as an electrode material not only for an LIB but also for a sodium-ion battery (SIB), due to its high safety character such as non-flammable and no Na-metal deposition. 11,12 Further, it shows flat electrochemical potential of Na insertion and extraction at 0.7-0.9 V vs.
Using this to charge a sodium ion battery, almost 100% coupling efficiency over the full range of target conditions of 150-500 lx with only a mild increase in coupling loss under higher irradiance is realized, all with direct coupling without any power conditioning electronics or maximum power point tracker.
As shown in Fig. 4c, the open framework structure of NaFePO 4 is formed by the sharing of a side and corners between the PO 4 3-tetrahedron and the FeO 6 octahedron. 36 NaFePO 4 provides high theoretical capacity (154 mA h g -1 ) and a wide ESW of 2.8 V, due to the existence of the Fe 3+ /Fe 2+ redox couple.
This outstanding cycling performance of Sn/ NS-CNFs@rGO electrode should be related to the synergetic effect of its smart 3D hierarchical conductive network, which is beneficial to enhance the electron and sodium-ion transport kinetics, the external elastic rGO protection, and the mitigated volume expansion.
However, there is a noticeable difference in the time taken to reach the full capacity (Fig. 4 sodium are required, so that the presence shorter pathways for sodium transport facilitates occupation of sodium storage sites into the carbon and, as a result, leads to higher capacity in this kind of measurement.
The Na compositions (EDS/ICP-OES) in Na x Ni 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 correspond to 1.10/0.852, 0.71/0.648 , and 0.49/0.446 for the FD, PC, and FC samples, respectively which can be attributed to the expected sodium insertion/extraction (sodiation/desodiation) processes occurring during electrochemical cycling.
To Considering excellent cesium release performance of chitosan hydrochloride from cesium-contaminated clay and high adsorption capacity with respect to free cesium ions of our synthesized Prussian blue analogue magnetic microgels, we combined both systems to realize the cleaning of cesium-contaminated clay.
Prussian Blue Analogues (PBAs), which are characterized by their open structure, high stability, and non-toxic properties, have recently been the subject of research for various applications, including their use as electrode precursors for capacitive deionization, gas storage, and environmental purification.
Cyclic voltammetry tests indicate that in the optimized electrolyte, sodium symmetric cells (Na‖Na) achieve more reversible sodium metal deposition/dissolution behavior, which is attributed to the signicantly enhanced interfacial reaction kinetics reected by their higher exchange current density (Fig. 3i).
However, the presented results can guide the developers of SIB anode materials in choosing the formulations with the lowest environmental impact when designing new materials. permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.
Conversion type, and alloying type materials in the reaction process, sodium ions will react with host materials, the volume of the main body of the material changes drastically, resulting in the aggregation of the active material and crushing, leading to the rapid decay of the volume of the active material.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have become a promising alternative energy source for emerging energy storage devices due to the abundant content of sodium in the earth's crust (23,000 ppm sodium versus 17 ppm lithium) and low cost (e.g., the cost of Na 2 CO 3 is about 25-30 times lower than that of Li 2 CO 3 ) .
To address these drawbacks, researchers have adopted various strategies to present Sn-based materials as alternative SIB anodes, including nanosizing, mixing with conductive matrixes, heteroatom doping, and heterostructuring with additional modifications in selecting suitable electrolytes and additives [28, .
Furthermore, our findings revealed the formation of a solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) at the hard carbon electrode and pore surface, predominantly in the form of Na 2 CO 3 in the bulk of the SEI, and NaF at the SEI surface, alongside the occurrence and differentiation of plating and metal sodium dendrites.
In this demonstration, we first show the design of a soft-hard interface in faradaic ECDI electrodes through introducing conducting polymer hydrogels (CPHs), i.e., polyvinyl alcohol/polypyrrole (PVA/PPy), as the support for uniform distribution of Prussian blue analogs (e.g., copper hexacyanoferrate (CuHCF)).
Currently, the main flaw of Na-ion batteries is lower energy density (~ 50 % that of Li-ion ones), thus the competitiveness in the market is still always relatively low, enabling the first generation of these batteries only complementary use in low-demanding areas, (for example in grid voltage stabilization).
Benchmarking model results obtained for NIBs (NaNi 1/3 Co 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 vs. hard carbon) against state-of-the-art LIBs (LiNi 1/3 Co 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 vs. graphite), we find that NIBs made from currently available active materials cannot compete with LIBs in terms of performance, costs, and environmental impact.
Although sodium-ion battery has relatively low specific energy density compared to that of the lithium-ion battery, the sodium-ion battery possesses long-term stable cyclability and low processing cost due to the crystalline structure of the electrode materials and the high abundance of the sodium resources .
NASICON-type NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 anode in aqueous systems has the advantage of high capacity over fully capacitive carbon materials but is handicapped by poor cycling performance as a result of low electronic conductivity, dissolution of Ti ions, and voltage limitation of aqueous electrolytes (Li et al., 2014b).
The electrode's reaction kinetics and sodium storage mechanism can be explored by using the relationship between the measured current (i) and the related scanning rate (v): in which a is a constant, and b is a constant for the same reaction and has to do with the energy storage reaction's starting components.
Thanks to their excellent electrochemical performance, including suitable sodium ion diffusion rate, extraordinary theoretical capacity, stable structural framework, and good electronic conductivity, layered N-based TMDs-like bulk materials hold a great potential to become excellent cathode materials of SIBs.
Among them, CrN 2 has a theoretical capacity of 335 mA h g -1 , which is much larger than traditional oxide materials 46 and polyanionic compound materials 47 and is nearly twice that of MoS 2 (167 mA h g -1 ). 48 Ion diffusion is a key issue in the application of electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
To gain further insights into OVs and carbon wrapping impact on sodium storage behavior, CV tests of the fresh Na half-cell in different sweep rates range from 0.1 to 100 mV s are explored for the electrochemical kinetics related to fara-daic redox processes (Figure 6 and Figure S13 (Supporting Information)).
Thus, ideally, and to tackle both issues, the targeted hard carbon should combine (i) a low specific surface area, (ii) a large volume of micropores that the electrolyte itself cannot access, and (iii) a primary particle size compatible with electrode manufacturing and sufficient contact with the electrolyte.
These high C DL values reveal an electrochemical surface area for '-polyol significantly higher than that offered by '-carbo 15 , by a factor ≈ 4-5 and even twice that reported for the ball-milled 18/10/2024 -14 powder (90 µF cm -2 ) 19 , which promotes an homogeneous insertion and extraction of sodium ions.
In general, the almond shellderived HC exhibits sodium-ion storage mechanism of "adsorption-lling", where the slope capacity is attributed to the sodium-ion adsorption behavior in the high-voltage region and the plateau capacity is attributed to the sodium-ion lling in closed pores in the low-voltage region.
Microporous carbon with an SSA of 1251 m 2 g -1 and homogeneous pore size of 0.5 nm was obtained through direct pyrolysis of ZIF-8 (Zn(2-methylimidazole) 2 ) at 930 °C by Qu et al. 41 The as-prepared carbon showed a reversible sodium storage capacity of 164 mA h g -1 with good cycling stability over 50 cycles.
The COFs-induced urchin-like morphology and porous structure and stable inner structure, combining the heteroatoms doping induced favorable ionic/electronic conductivity and rich active sites, result in expressive sodium storage performance, showing great potential for the fabrication of high-performance SIBs.
Our study on P3-type materials with different dopants shows that the evolution of Mn valence is unaffected beyond 3.8 V by the presence of transition metal vacancies. 37,38 Therefore, a long plateau observed in both compounds on the first charge indicates the participation of oxygen in the charge compensation.
While for hard carbon electrode (H-1500), in addition to the characteristic peak of Be window at ~29 °37 , the broad peak in a range of 24°and 26°, corresponding to the graphitic plane of hard carbon remains the same, indicating that Na ions may not store in the interlayer spacing of hard carbon (Fig. 7b) 38 .
Because of abundance in raw materials, low cost, and electrochemical behavior similar to that of lithium (Kim et al., 2012;Bian et al., 2020;Shen et al., 2020), sodium ion batteries (SIBs) are considered as a promising type of secondary electrochemical battery for large-scale energy storage (Liu et al., 2019).
For some of the assessed SIB cells (NaMMO and NaNMMT), their environmental performance is getting close to or even better than that of their LIB counterparts, and the remaining progress required for reaching similar values can be considered achievable, considering their still much lower technological maturity.
When considering the electrochemical performance of the α-NaMnO 2 and β-NaMnO 2 phases, there is significant Jahn-Teller (JT) distortion in α-NaMnO 2 during the Mn 3 ⁺O₆ to Mn 4 ⁺O₆ transition, causing strong structural changes that restrict Na-ion mobility and lead to rapid capacity decrease in battery cells .
Park et al. reported a difference in the electrochemical properties of cubic crystal-structured SnTe for Li and Na-ion battery anodes. 78) The electrochemically induced phase transition mechanism of SnTe electrodes during Li and Na insertion/extraction was investigated using various ex situ analysis techniques.
We found the holly leaf-derived two-dimensional (2D) hard carbon with enlarged pores of tiny graphite-like domains was synthesized by hydrothermal carbonization followed pyrolysis process, which exhibited high discharge capacity of 253 mA h g -1 at 20 mA g -1 after 100 cycles, well rate and cycling performance.
The results seem to be very precursor-dependent, as the final structure of the hard carbons strongly depends on the initial structure of the precursor. Here, it is worth mentioning that the pyrolysis temperature was kept low (800 °C), but a reversible capacity as high as 248 mAh g -1 with 80 % ICE was obtained.
The present paper closes this gap by providing an exhaustive life cycle assessment (LCA) of a representative SIB and the comparison of its environmental performance with existing studies on LIBs. This provides support for battery developers about environmental hotspots and improvement potentials of future SIBs.
Historically, the first LIB introduced by Sony Corp. used a slightly disordered carbon, a so-called soft carbon (SC), which is graphitizable at temperatures of ca. 3000 °C, and later, from 1992, a more disordered hard carbon (HC), which is not graphitizable at temperatures of ca. 3000 °C as negative electrode .
By dynamically switching to N 2 at high temperature, the formation of O3-Na[Li 1/ O3-type titanium-substituted NaLi 1/3 Mn 2/3-x Ti x O 2 cathode materials The DCA approach we proposed by systematic tracking of the phase, weight, and gas environment evolution upon solid-state synthesis can be highly expandable.
The carbon coating reduced the surface area of hard carbon from 524 and 531 m 2 g À1 to 134 and 146 m 2 g À1 , which improved the coulombic efficiency of the electrode from 25.3 to 78.4%, and the well dispersed CNTs would provide good conductive network in the hard carbons without altering their microstructure.
Full-cells of O3-Na 0.9 [Cu 0.22 Fe 0.30 Mn 0.48 ]O 2 cathodes and Sb@C-hard carbon composite anodes demonstrate a high specific energy of ~130 Wh•kg -1 (based on the total mass of cathode and anode) in the voltage range of 2.0-4.0 V, ~1.5 times energy of full-cells with similar design using hard carbon anodes.
The interlayer distances (d 002 ) (Fig. 1c) are well above the limit where sodium intercalation in graphitic layers is energetically favourable. 37,38 At higher temperatures the 002 peak shifts to shorter distances and the peak shape becomes asymmetrical, requiring a two peak model to achieve a decent fit (Fig.
Sodium superionic conductor (NASICON)-type materials are widely explored as Li-and Na-ion cathodes and solid-state electrolytes but are largely ignored as anodes due to their lower capacities and higher intercalation voltages, which reduce the overall energy densities of Li-and Na-ion batteries (LIBs and SIBs).
Due to the well-separated redox peaks of Fe 3+/2+ and Ti 4+/3+ redox couples, full cell was assembled by using TiHCF as both cathode and anode material, and the electrochemical performance of the symmetric Na-ion battery was tested in 2032 coin cell with 0.1 M NaNO 3 aqueous electrolyte, as shown in Figure 48a.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) are an important and topical family of battery materials with a number of considerable advantages over longer-established charge storage systems. On the one hand, they are chemically versatile, inexpensive, and easily made by aqueous precipitation from widely-available precursors.
Similarly, the DOS trend of TMs in Figure 4g suggests that Mn is the main redox center at low voltages from Na1 to Na2/3, while there is a switch to Ni as the main redox center at high voltages from Na2/3 toward Na1/6 for NNMO, indicated by a suppression of Mn DOS intensity and a significant increase of Ni DOS.
The Na half-cell had a counter electrode consisting of a sodium metal disk; an electrolyte of 1 mol L -1 NaClO 4 dissolved in a 1:1:1 volumetric mixture of dimethyl carbonate, ethylene carbonate, and ethyl methyl carbonate with 5% fluoroethylene carbonate additive; and a working electrode of as-prepared TiO 2 .
The P3-type Na x VS 2 , O3-type Na x TiS 2 and P3-NaTi 0.5 V 0.5 S 2 show similar characteristic features in their voltage profiles and phase behaviours during cycling, that is, co-intercalation occurs with the PC-and 2G-based electrolytes, but not when using EC/DMC (Fig. 5a-e and Supplementary Figs. 38394041).
To further understand the origin of the carbonate reactions, the cells were constructed with the 'hybrid (aqueous electrolyte with NaOH or Na 2 CO 3 and Nasicon solid electrolyte)' electrolyte system; it is similar to the discharged state of the Nasicon SE based Na-air battery with the in-situ formed catholyte.
The calculated results listed in Table 1 indicate that for single-layer GY, the stable conguration for maximum sodium storage is NaC 6 , in which Na is located above the center of triangular-like pores (A site) with a lower average adsorption energy of À2.64 eV per Na and an average adsorption height of 1.82 Å.
A relationship between defect concentration, interlayer spacing, porosity and electrochemical behaviour was established, where the sloping region capacity is attributed to simultaneous and continuous sodium storage at defects, within interlayers and on pore surfaces, across a range of different binding energies.
Na + migration in olivinetype NaFePO 4 was subsequently shown to follow the same zigzag path, characterized by a lower migration barrier compared to the Li analogue (0.31 vs. 0.55 eV). 46 Fig. 4 shows the calculated migration barrier along the direction as a function of applied strain for LiFePO 4 and NaFePO 4 .
The excellent electrochemical performance of NVP-F 0.15 electrode for both half and full-cells could be ascribed to (i) the higher electronic conductivity, (ii) improves the kinetics and catalytic behaviour of bare NVP, (iii) the slight lattice alteration of NASICON structure permits a fast transport of Na ions.
Azo-functionalised organic molecules are reported to store charge by insertion of two Na-ions per active site. From the perspective of MOF chemistry, such a functional group as part of the organic ligand should not be too close to the coordination bond forming groups or the dense SBUs (secondary building units).
In a similar manner, by inducing the electrons to ow from the LSC to the CN layer, thus generating a negative potential at the CN coating, we expect to enhance the surface adsorption and transport towards the LSC electrode of the sodium ions, eventually improving the electrochemical energy storage performances.
Note that the stable and strong bond between phosphorus and oxygen contributes to both chemical and structural stability, along with the open framework giving the polyanionic compounds the ability to reversibly accommodate sodium ions within their crystal structures, also resulting in minimal volumetric changes.
In phosphate compounds like those in the NASICON family, the Raman response results primarily from excitation of vibrations of the PO 4 structural group. 25 In the NASICON structure, the PO 4 group provides a link between MO 6 octahedra, sharing oxygen atoms with the Al 3+ / Ge 4+ and Li + ions in the structure.
As an ideal sodium-ion storage structure, closed pores have faster electron and sodium-ion transport, which is kinetically advantageous for electrochemical processes. 42,43 Therefore, the Na + diffusion in HY-W is more convenient due to the highly disordered graphitic structures and abundant active closed pores.
However, sodium ion batteries usually exhibit lower specic capacity, poorer cycling durability and rate capability due to the much larger ionic radius of Na + (102 pm) as compared to Li + (76 pm). 12,13 The traditional graphite anode for lithium ion batteries does not perform well as a sodium ion battery anode.
Nanostructured cathodes, such as those made of layered oxides and polyanionic compounds, achieve better ion diffusion and higher charging capacity, while advancements in anode materials, particularly through the use of silicon nanoparticles and hard carbon, improve the energy density and cycle life of batteries.
As shown in Fig. 3d, the calculated capacitive contribution (marked area) of the SnSb@C-SiOC electrode was 67.7% at 2.0 mV s -1 , indicating This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2025 that the Na-ion storage mechanism of the composite material was controlled by both diffusion and capacitive reactions.
Moreover, this unique MoS 2 /graphene composite achieved remarkable electrochemical performance when being applied to Na-ion battery anodes; namely, excellent cycling stability (474 mA h g À1 at 0.1 A g À1 after 100 cycles) and high rate capability (406 mA h g À1 at 0.25 A g À1 and 359 mA h g À1 at 0.5 A g À1 ).
Yao designed an air-stable O3-type cathode NaNi 0.45 Cu 0.05 Mn 0.4 Ti 0.1 O 2 by Cu/Ti co-substitution, in which Cu has comparable electronegativity and Ti has substantial difference in Fermi level compared to the Ni 2+ /Mn 4+ , resulting in contractions of Na layers and increasement of the valence state of Ni.
The reversible reaction of SnO 2 with sodium ions to the production of Na 2 O and Na x Sn in the charge-discharge process can be represented as follows , Figure 6b displays discharge/charge capacities of 555.7/212.5 mAh g -1 in the first charge/discharge cycle, respectively, with a coulombic efficiency of 38.2%.
For example, recent studies have focused on suppressing these transitions in the layered oxides through methods such as the introduction of 'locking layers' 4 or chemical doping to create rigid pillars to anchor the layers together. 5 Transition metal sulfides are also interesting sodium layered insertion hosts.
In general, as the pyrolysis temperature increases, the ASA of hard carbons decreases, as is the case for cellulose precursors 40 (from 44 to 1 m 2 g -1 when the temperature varied from 1000 °C to 1600 °C) or phenolic resin spheres 98 (from ~12 to 1.3 m 2 g -1 when temperature increased from 1300 °C to 1600 °C).
Because of the existence of unsaturated metal sites on the surface of u-CoOHtp, oxygen vacancies were generated, resulting in an unbalanced charge distribution, which can induce the formation of a local electric field, thus speeding up the diffusion rate of Na + ion and improving sodium ions storage performance.
With the aim of determining if stoichiometric P-Na 1 MO 2 electrode materials can be stabilized by direct synthesis and what will be, if any, the advantage compare to stable Na deficient P2-type or Na stoichiometric O3-type, we investigated two compositions (y=1/3 and y=1/2) in the Na x [Mn 1-y Ni y ]O 2 system.
When the sodium contents of S-NMO decrease from 0.18 to 0.08 (the end of charge), the D Na+ value decreases rapidly from 2.28 × 10 -11 to 3.33 × 10 -13 cm 2 s -1 , probably resulted from the increased electrostatic interactions of Na + -O bonds and the slower reaction kinetics of possible anionic redox reactions.
Biomass-based porous carbon has drawn significant attention as the anode material in LIBs, lithium-sulfur batteries (LSBs), and supercapacitors. Different waste biomasses with various binder components, i.e., lignin, hemicellulose, or pectin, have been investigated as precursors for the synthesis of hard carbons.
The possible enhancements of the epoxy-NASICON composite's physical properties can be predicted by the rule of mixture equation, which is used to calculate the properties of a mixture of different physical properties. 51 Supporting Figure S4 shows the actual strength as determined by the rule of mixture equation.
Though Na-ion and Li-ion batteries share similar operating principle, it was shown by various experimental investigations that the respective crystallographic structural functions aiding cationic intercalation are different in case of Li intercalation compounds compared to that of Na-ion intercalation compounds .
Massive attention has been devoted to the structure optimization of high-capacity positive electrodes (layered oxides (P2-type), Prussian blues, and polyanionics) 3 and negative electrodes (hard carbon (HC), alloy compounds, and conversion-type materials) 1,4 , achieving significant progress for sustainable SIBs.
Prussian blue analogues (Zhu et al., 2019;Du and Pang, 2021), organic compounds (Wang et al., 2014;Huang et al., 2017), polyanionic compounds (Essehli et al., 2020;Lv et al., 2021), and layered transition metal oxide (Yang and Wei, 2020;Zhao et al., 2021) as SIB cathode materials have been extensively researched.
The irreversible capacity loss during initial cycles may result from the formation of a solid electrolyte interface film (caused by reactions between the surface -OH groups of titania and the carbonate-based electrolyte) 49 , and the irreversible trapping of sodium ions at active sites of the graphene matrix 50 .
We interpret this as a nucleation and growth phenomenon, 38,39 most likely due to the deposition of metallic Na on the electrode. 37 The voltage minimum was z-0.03 V for all hard carbons tested; therefore for subsequent tests the lower limit cut-off, denoted E cut , was set to -0.02 V. 2.2.4 Effect of cycle rate.
However, their particular structure is not only dependent on the type of precursor but can also be significantly influenced by the synthesis conditions. 9 Hence, structural features like porosity, carbon binding motifs, or even heteroatom content must be considered when employing a hard carbon for sodium storage.
Zhou et al. (Fig. 1 a~b) successfully fabricated the P2-type through Cu-doping, forming a Na0.7Fe0.23-xCuxMn0.77O2 (0.09-NFCMO, x=0.09) structure, which presents a specific capacity of 168.6 mAh g -1 at 100 mA g -1 and a perfect cycling stability of 74.2% retention after being cycled for 50 times at 200 mA g -1 .
These features allowed us to establish correlations with different electrochemical performance metrics when the materials are evaluated as anodes for Na-ion batteries, including ICE, cycling stability, rate performance and capacity contribution to the total capacity (either slope or plateau-dominated capacities).
The charge transfer associated with this redox process is often the rate-limiting step, as it involves both sodium-ion migration and electronic conduction , and if either of these processes is compromized, the electrochemical reaction becomes inefficient at high current rates, leading to significant polarization.
This shows that using low temperature process, it is possible to synthesize directly one of the metastable compounds usually obtained using electrochemistry but also indicates the absence of advantage in preparing Na-rich P3-type structure which converts to stable O3-type homologue once full discharge is reached.
High-entropy (HE) engineering, a strategy that enhances structural and functional stability via multiple equimolar dopants, has shown great promise in layered oxides, but its application in NASICONs has been fundamentally challenging due to rigid polyanionic frameworks, dopant incompatibility, and redox mismatch.
However, we also discuss the influence of electrolyte composition on the performance of the hydroxymethylfurfural-derived hard carbon, emphasizing the critical role of electrolyte optimization for the development of efficient and sustainable carbonaceous anode materials for next-generation sodium-based batteries.
Delmas et al. rst reported reversible Na + intercalation with a NASICON-type NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 in 1987. 108 Since then, the insertion of host materials with the general formula A x M 2 (XO 4 ) 3 (where A ¼ Li, Na; M ¼ V, Fe, Mn, Co, and X ¼ P, S, W) have been extensively studied for both LIB and NIB applications.
In 2014, Jiang et al. 9 synthesised Mn 3 O 4 and investigated its reactivity as anode towards sodium for the first time. 2 Na 2 e Na O M(M Co, Fe, Mn, Cu, etc ) Subsequently, Weng et al. 10 prepared MnO 2 using a SiO 2 -templated hydrothermal approach, which was used as conversion-type anode for Na-ion batteries.
Recently, Na super ion conductor (NASICON) type NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 has been considered as one of promising anode materials for SIBs owing to its "zero-stress" three-dimensional (3D) framework, high Na + conductivity, and good thermal stability (Kabbour et al., 2011;Wu et al., 2013;Sun et al., 2016;Ye et al., 2017).
The low ICE of the hard carbon anode is generally attributed to irreversible Na loss caused by electrolyte decomposition during the solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) formation 6,7 , which is always relevant to defect concentration and specific surface area as it largely affects the decomposition of electrolytes .
However, due to the price of raw material (RuO 2 ) is very expensive and abundance is low (only 0.001 ppm in the earth's crust), so it may be not suitable for large-scale commercial application. x Ni y Mn 1-y O 2 NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 is a typical O3-type layered cathode, which was first developed by Komaba in 2009.
Notably, the charge-discharge curves of P2/O3 mixed-phase materials exhibit a brief plateau during O3-P3 phase transition and confirm rapid yet smooth evolution of the O3 phase through in situ XRD results from other studies, aligning with features observed in O3-Na0.55, Na0.65 (Fig. 3a and Supplementary Fig. 32) .
In particular, the presence of Cr and Ti ions is clearly visualized and the arrangement of both ions along the c-axis direction is consistent with the P3-type sequence. in the in-plane and through-plane interatomic distances are also in good agreement with the lattice parameters of P3 K 0.5 Cr 0.5 Ti 0.5 O 2 (Fig.
In the following part, we comprehensively summarize the electrochemical performances of PBAs in Na-ion batteries (NIBs) and Zn-ion batteries (ZIBs), as well as brief review for application of PBAs in potassium-ion batteries (PIBs), maganesium-ion batteries (MIBs), Aluminium-ion batteries and NH 4 + -ion batteries.
The levelized cost of energy (LCOE) analysis shows that the projected LCOE of our all-PBA Na-ion battery full cell ($0.02 per kWh per cycle, Supplementary Notes 1 and 2) surpasses the aggressive US Department of Energy target for gridscale energy storage (see US Department of Energy ARPA-E FOA document, 2010 14 ).
During the early stages of desodiation (0 ≤ x ≤ 1/6), the sodium ions inside the nanotube (Na1 site) were removed due to instability and thus the voltages (2.7 V) were lower than the following desodiation process (>3.0 V for 1/3 ≤ x ≤ 1) in which sodium ions were removed from nanotube-fringe sites (Na2-Na5 sites).
Besides, in situ SAXS uses the transmission mode to understand the sodium insertion mechanism into the micropores at the low voltage plateau region in SIBs. 68,69 Understanding the ion storage mechanisms in the host's hard carbon structure is critical to its fundamental design and performance as an anode material.
In order to tackle these problems, great efforts have been made to adjust the surface structure of hard carbon, such as the construction of hybrid anodes (Guo et al., 2008), thermal carbon coatings (Ohzawa et al., 2005;Lee et al., 2007), and vacuum and oxidation treatments (Fujimoto et al., 2010;Liu et al., 2010).
However, if a Na + ion storage-type active material, such as hard carbon, which is generally used in batteries with liquid electrolytes, 9,10 is employed, it is thought that the rigid particle nature of the solid electrolyte will result in a small contact area and large charge-transfer resistance at the interface.
Alumina coated CR2032 coin cells (Hohsen) were prepared using these electrodes, two layers of a glass bre separator (GFA, Whatman, Ø16 mm), 150 ml of 1 M NaPF 6 in propylene carbonate (PC) + 5 wt% uoroethylene carbonate (FEC) as electrolyte and sodium metal foil as the counter electrode (Acros Organics, Ø16 mm).
In addition, full sodium-ion batteries have been tested based on advantageous electrochemical features of nanostructured Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 . -for example, by using VOPO 4 material as a cathode, the full cell showed the operating voltages close to 2.9 V and delivered a reversible capacity of 114 mAh/g at a rate of 0.1C.
As a consequence, observed features of the sodium storage process may be related to the electronic resistance between materials. 32 This hypothesis can be confirmed by the increase in the presence of macropores for higher PS ratios, which is observed in sorption measurements, SAXS, and supplemented by SEM (Fig. 2).
Importantly, the ground state at x = 3, is similar to the ground state congurations observed in other NASICON cathode chemistries. 52,53 The Na 3 Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 ground state has Na fully occupying the Na site and partially occupying the Na site, which is in line with our experimental observation as well (Fig. 4b).
This can be evaluated as direct evidence of a pore-filling sodium storage mechanism. 26 During the early plateau region, Dr remains stable or shows a slight decrease, which can be partly attributed to the formation of the monolayer at the pore surfaces and entrances, where faradaic charge transfer begins (Fig. 2d).
A constant lithiation cycling (CLC) test was carried out to evaluate the Coulombic efficiency (CE) of the hard carbon (HC) anode for the three studied LHCEs in half cells. 33,40 A CLC test involves a complete lithiation process with a constant capacity and a de-lithiation process with a cutoff voltage of 2.0 V (vs.
According to previous studies 30 , the sloping region corresponds to the insertion of sodium ion into the short-range domains of ordered graphic lattice, with a value of 215.0 mAh/g, while the capacity from the plateau of 264.2 mAh/g is related to those "adsorption of sodium ions" at the defect sites and nanovoids.
Generally, the urchinlike sphere morphology, combined with the abundant N and S codoping, can not only provide fast transportation pathways for the electrons/ions but also offer rich sites toward sodium storage, boosting the electrochemical performances (Augustyn et al., 2014;Dahbi et al., 2016;Wang et al., 2018b).
The evolution of the hard carbon sodiation and subsequent formation and evolution of sodium dendrites, upon over-sodiation of the hard carbon, are observed and mapped by T he development of new battery technologies and electrochemistries is driven by ever-increasing demands of society, industry and the environment.
This review delves into the intrinsic characteristics and key challenges faced by P2-type cathodes and then comprehensively summarizes the up-to-date advances in modification strategies from compositional design, elemental doping, phase mixing, morphological control, and surface modification to sodium compensation.
Note that a similar voltage recovery phenomenon has been observed in LIBs, where it is attributed to the melting of the current collector and separator. 31,44 However, this mechanism was not activated in sodium-ion batteries during the ball indentation experiments due to the limited temperature rise in these tests.
Since the mobility of Na + in such cathode materials is a key factor that governs the performance of material, electrochemical and muon spin rotation and relaxation techniques are here used to reveal the Na + -ion mobility in a P2-type Na 0.5 Mg x Ni 0.17Àx Mn 0.83 O 2 (x = 0, 0.02, 0.05 and 0.07) cathode material.
Therefore, it is a must but challenging to identify an efficient method to increase the competence of NASICONs (e.g., thousands of cycles without noticeable capacity fading, fast-charging capability within the minute time level, and high capacities of 4160 mA h g À1 ) compared with the LiFePO 4 counterpart in LIBs.
Compared to conductivity values of bulk NaSICON SEs at room temperature reported by Naqash et al. and Narayanan et al. , 1.6 9 10 -3 S cm -1 and 1.13 9 10 -3 S cm -1 , respectively, the PAD-deposited NaSICON films exhibit a lower conductivity at room temperature, even when annealed at 600 °C (1.5 9 10 -6 S cm -1 ).
Figure 3 shows charge/discharge profiles of hard carbon samples obtained at a current density of 30 mA/g Fig. 3 First galvanostatic charge/discharge profiles of mangrovederived, directly carbonised hard carbon and hard carbon samples that had been preheated at 500 °C for 6 h between 0.003 and 1.5 V versus Na/Na + .
The battery tests indicate that the Sn-P compound prepared with the optimised solvothermal parameters (T = 200 °C and t = 40 h) shows promising electrochemical Na storage properties (high capacity as high as 562 mAh g -1 and excellent cycling stability for 100 cycles), proving its feasibility for use as SIB anodes.
Concerning the micropore-filling mechanism, the pore volume and specific surface area of hard carbons decrease when the temperature of treatment increases together with an increase in the plateau capacity, but some authors indicate that this correlation between the texture and the plateau capacity is not relevant .
Galvanostatic intermittent titration (GITT) measurement was performed for the first discharge/ charge cycle of the MnS/Na half-cell beginning from the OCV for the estimation of the sodium-ion chemical diffusion coefficient (D Na ) based on previous numeral assumptions and simplifications (Supplementary Note 1) 45 .
Among them, manganese-rich materials with both the cationic and anionic oxygen redox reactions can deliver high electrochemical performance without using critical elements. The case can be replicated to the exploration of high performance SIB materials, where various materials with oxygen redox have been reported. .
Reduction of the number of phase transitions should reduce the overall relaxation time during the transformations between phases, and hence, the sodium ion mobility in the material should increase, which explains the higher capacity of the electrode based on the milled PW powder at high rates of cycling (Fig. 7(a)).
The tests were performed in a three electrode-cell configuration having 10 mm diameter of electrode (here hard carbon, the loading of electrode active materials on current collector was ranging from 2-4.5 mg/cm 2 ) as the working electrode and of sodium metal as the counter (12 mm diameter) and reference electrodes.
In general, these sodium storage mechanisms are basically divided into adsorption, intercalation, pore lling, and sodium cluster formation process, and the development of these mechanisms are presented in Fig. 4a. 27, At present, high-capacity HC is based on the control of the platform region below 0.1 V or 0.05 V.
Sodium-based batteries need to be studied as an ideal alternative in replacing lithium ion batteries because the availability of sodium metal is very abundant and the charge transfer of sodium ions in electrolytes is easier than lithium ions due to their lower salvation enthalpy because of the weaker Lewis acidity .
It has been reported that the introduction of graphene normally increases the surface area of the composites due to the high theoretical surface area of single-layer graphene, 2630 m 2 /g. It is quite interesting that adding GO into sucrose dramatically decreases the specific surface area of the hard carbon product.
Given that intrinsic defects play a signicant role in lithium storage and diffusion on 2D materials 40,41 and the fact that defects may inevitably be produced in the process of synthesis, in this work, it is highly necessary to evaluate the effect of an intrinsic defect on sodium storage and diffusion on borophene.
The partially charged compositional endpoint of the 3.3 V charge plateau between pristine O3 Na(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2 and the initial P3 phase is estimated to have the composition of Na0.6(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2 based on the specific capacity of ~80 mAh/g observed during the galvanostatic charging data of D-Na(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2 samples.
Here, the connectivity of the polyhedra and the octahedra and their relative arrangement in the crystal structure constructs these pathways for the sodium ion migration, and the adjacent sodium sites are connected through the structural faces formed by the neighboring lattice oxygen [visually depicted in Fig. 3(d)].
Furthermore, the plateau capacity derived from pore filling is not independent of the structural characteristics associated with sloping capacity; as the graphitic interlayer spacings decrease, there are fewer diffusion pathways allowing sodium ions to reach the pores, rendering them inaccessible for sodium storage.
The cathode/anode weight balance was adjusted to 1/2 (0.595 mg-NMHCF/1.19 mg-KMHCC as active materials, respectively) to fix the capacity balance as approximately 1/1 based on their reversible capacities (a slight excess of anode by taking into account its smaller initial capacity) for aqueous sodium-ion full cells.
The increase of capacity is mainly in the plateau region below 0.1 V as seen previously in SiOC materials, 31 which is good for the energy density in the full cell, but the improvements over hard carbon made at this lower temperature are not as large as those that can be made by increasing carbonisation temperature.
The structure of the synthesized hard carbons was investigated with X-ray diffraction (XRD), Raman spectroscopy, gas sorption (with N 2 and Ar), scanning electron microscopy coupled with energy dispersive X-ray spectrometry (SEM-EDX), transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and laser powder diffraction (LPD) methods.
Zhong et al. prepared novel nitrogen-doped carbon spheres with mesopores, ultrathin nanostructures, and optimized graphitization through a three-step process. 18 Beneting from the unique mesoporous architecture and wellregulated nitrogen content, the number of sodium-ion adsorption sites was signicantly increased.
It has been extensively used in scientic research to study and establish structure-property-performance relationships, which can eventually cause signicant advancements in the fabrication of novel materials. 16,17 The ML approach has been demonstrated in this work using AOPDHC as an anode for sodium ion batteries.
Ca0.4Na0.6VP was observed as a single phase after electrochemical charging of Ca0.5Na2VP in a Na cell but is calculated here to be slightly metastable with respect to decomposition into NaVP and CaVP, two phases that may be difficult to distinguish from one another by XRD, in particular when their domains are small.
Na accumulation on the stripping side suggests that Mode II may be a significant mechanism just as prevalent as Mode I in NaSICON solid electrolytes at high current densities. • Local regions on the NaSICON surface with improved Na wetting may also have served as current concentrators that initiated Na accumulation.
Different from graphite, hard carbon with amorphous structure has shown the greatest potential as practical anode material of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs). In recent years, researchers are paying more attention to synthesizing hard carbon via abundant biomass-based materials, instead of expensive inorganic materials.
The chemical transfering of ions in the oxalate environment between the iron and the phosphate precursor NaH 2 (PO 4 ) is carried out in the presence of colloidal SiO 2 (alkaline stabilized silicazol), creating a structure with high ion mobility of the sodium ions, thus imparting NASICON properties to the structure.
The additional point to note is that a universal collection of characteristics needed for an SIB electrolyte is completely compatible with the lists usually created for LIB-oriented electrolytes. . The chemical stability of the cell is maintained throughout its operational lifetime, preventing any chemical reactions.
Although the mechanism of sodium storage in HCs is still under debate, most studies agree on three phenomena involved in sodium storage: Na + adsorption on structural defects, intercalation between graphene layers, and micropore filling. The debate lies in the voltage range at which each of these mechanisms prevails.
In Figure 8a-b, the crystal structure of NaSICON is represented using a schematic 2D ion diffusion network. 44 Potential sites for Na + and Ca 2+ are shown as circles, with the 6b and 18e sites labeled (note the tetrahedral 36f site lies between 6b and 18e but is not expected to be occupied by either Na + or Ca 2+ ).
The ultimate goal for advanced sodium ion battery devices has never changed, that they should be thoroughly competitive with the lithium ion battery in energy density, power density, and lower overall manufacturing cost (Tang et al., 2017(Tang et al., , 2018;;Zhang et al., 2017Zhang et al., , 2019;;Guo et al., 2020).
Closed pores are recognized as essential sodium-ion storage sites, and their quantity, size, and surface properties directly impact the plateau capacity and overall energy density of sodium-ion batteries. In recent years, considerable research has focused on the impact of carbon material regulation on pore structure.
As the sweep rates heighten from 0.1 to 20 mV s , the b-values of B-TiO2(B) electrode approximately closes to 0.95 (Figure 6d), meaning that the sodium storage is mainly controlled by the kinetics features of pseudocapaci-tance, which is responsible for a fast sodiation/desodiation pro-cess and long-term cyclability.
However, sodium-ion batteries also have more prominent shortcomings that need to be solved, such as the sodium ions' large radius, which may result in the crack of the material when it is removed from the electrode material, thus affecting the battery's overall dynamic performance and the integrity of the electrode .
The further study implies that the introduction of hard carbon enables to weaken the dQ\dV redox peaks, indicative of slowing down the lithiation and de-lithiation reactions to weaken the concentration polarization, leading to the reactions of the whole system more homogenous, thus improving the cycling performances.
With reversible capacities up to 300 mAh/g, low working potential vs Na + /Na and good cycling stability, hard carbons (HC) appear to be the best candidates. Hard carbons are non-graphitizable carbons composed of disorganized and randomly oriented turbostratic nano-sized domains (i.e., BSUs = basic structural units).
Related studies have shown that the parallel carbon layers of graphite domains are usually curved or turbulent, and such curved graphitized carbon layers stacked and connected would form a highly distorted structure and present many nanopores, thus providing more space for the embedding of sodium ions in hard carbon.
Meanwhile, the results obtained from the narrow Lorentzian function demonstrate a Na + diffusion mechanism in which jumps are less frequent with a higher residence time (z48-157 ps) and a longer jump length that reects single jumps in a long-range diffusion process through extended pathways in the NASICON structure.
As such, NASICON-type lithium titanium phosphate (LTP) solid electrolytes have attracted significant attention as potential electrolytes for application in solid-state batteries due to their stability and relatively high ionic conductivity compared to other solid electrolytes, such as GARNET-type and sulphide-based .
S3 †), in agreement with the Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ redox couple in NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 . 31,32 In addition, the peak shape and peak position remained unchanged during the successive scans, indicating excellent reversible intercalation/deintercalation reaction of sodium-ions into/out of the Na 3 Co 0.5 Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 lattice.
Wei et al. have also reported an interesting material with particles composed of a biphasic core-shell structure containing Ni-rich O-type core and a P2-type Mn-rich shell. 173 The O-type core provides high specic capacity, while the P-type outer composition also enables good structural stability and rate capability.
Prior to electrode preparation, Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 was carbon-coated by ball-milling with CB (20 wt%) and annealing at 450 C for 12 h. 46 Before the assembly of Na-ion full-cells, SnSb electrodes were charged/discharged for 5 cycles vs. elemental Na in the potential range of 0.005-2.0 V at a current of 200 mA g À1 .
NaBF 4 is a functional electrolyte salt and a high-performance additive in SIB electrolyte, which has high electrochemical stability. 55 Chen et al. used NaBF 4 salt to trigger the weak solvation effect. 56 By employing density functional theory (DFT), they calculated the dissociation energies of various sodium salts.
• 3D hierarchical conductive Sn quantum dots encapsulated in N,S co-doped carbon nanofibers sheathed within rGO scrolls (Sn/NS- CNFs@rGO) were prepared through an electrospinning process. • Flexible Sn/NS-CNFs@rGO electrode exhibits superior long-term cycling stability and high-rate capability in sodium-ion batteries.
The first discharging delivered a capacity of 338.4 mAh.g -1 including the decomposition of the electrolyte solvent and sodium ions intercalated at irreversible sites between graphene layers , so a reversible capacity of about 255 mAh.g -1 was obtained in the next charge with an initial Coulombic efficiency of 72.6 %.
In particular, pyridinic-N can not only optimize the Na + adsorption energy but also accelerate the desorption of Na + , improving the ICE of the nal hard carbon. 42,43 The graphitic-N can enhance the electronic conductivity of the entire carbon matrix, thereby drastically accelerating the charge transfer efficiency.
To address this challenge, there has been increasing research on sodium-ion batteries (NIBs), as Na is significantly more abundant than Li, has a similar working chemistry to LIBs and hence can be accommodated as a "drop-in" technology for the existing LIB production facilities (Hwang et al., 2017;Zhang et al., 2019).
Na + cations are readily extracted from Ca0.5Na2VP to form Ca0.4Na0.6V2(PO4)3 (Table S4), and Ca0.5Na2VP exhibits good electrochemical reversibility in a Na cell, albeit with a limited theoretical capacity relative to its Na counterpart since only 1.5 mol of Na + can be extracted from the lattice in total (Figure S7).
By combining electrochemical tests with spectroscopic characterization, we evaluated the performance of selective carboxylate ester-based electrolytes in hard carbon (HC)/Na and Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP)/Na half-cells and correlated their performance with their structure and properties (both transport and interfacial).
These observations directly indicate a reduction in the number of layers and an expansion of the c-axis interlayer distance in the bismuth NSs. 20 Possible reasons are change of van der Waals forces or doping of heteroatoms. 23,28 The expansion of the interlayer distance indicates faster uptake/release of sodium ions.
To remove the effect of SEI formation on the hard carbon and access more reversible capacity from Na 2 Fe 2 OS 2 , we precycled a hard carbon electrode in a Na half cell to form the SEI, recovered it aer 5 cycles, washed it in DMC and assembled a full cell with that electrode which was again cycled between 0 and 3 V.
As shown in Figure 5n, it was found that the calculated formation energies of NVPF, 25% K doped NVPF and 50% K doped NVPF after one sodium ion extracted from the structures were 0.47 eV, 0.14 eV and -1.66 eV, respectively, suggesting that the 50% K doped NVPF structure was the most favorable for first Na + extraction.
It is easy to understand that the variations of b values at different voltage range result from their different sodium storage mechanisms as the intercalation of Na + in the low voltages is promoted by diffusion, and capacitive controlled adsorption of Na + happens in high voltages (Li et al., 2021a;Li et al., 2021f).
In this work, the Na + ion self-diffusion in Na 3.4 Zr 2 Si 2.4 P 0.6 O 12 and Sc-and Al/Y-substituted Na 3.4 Sc 0.4 Zr 1.6 Si 2 PO 12 and Na 3.4 Al 0.2 Y 0.2 Zr 1.6 Si 2 PO 12 NASICON-type solid-state electrolytes are investigated by multimethod approach combining backscattering QENS experiments and XRD measurements.
Meanwhile, a high entropy sample Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 -Ni 0.23 Co 0.033 Al 0.033 Ti 0.02 O 2 consisting of small-sized cations (Co 3+ : 0.61 Å, Al 3+ : 0.53 Å, Ti 4+ : 0.60 Å) was synthesized and showed that introduction of cations with smaller ionic radii into Fig. 1 Design strategy of optimized P2-type cathode structure.
Thin-walled, heteroatom-doped 1D Sb nanotubes (NTs) reported by Liu et al. have shown formidable performance as an SIB anode showing long cyclability with 342 mAh g -1 capacity retaining ability at a current density of 1 A g -1 over 6,000 cycles and a rate performance of 286 mAh g -1 at a current density of 10 A g -1 .
With the abundance of sodium source, sodium ion batteries (SIBs) are considered to be a promising alternative for lithium ion batteries (LIBs) particularly for grid-scale energy storage. To achieve affordable and high efficient SIBs, the development of high performance and cost-effective electrode materials is crucial.
As counterparts of Li-rich layered oxides, O3-type Na-rich oxides such as Na[Na1/3Ru2/3]O2 1 and Na[Na1/3Ir2/3]O2 2 (square brackets represent transition metal layers) have been explored and have shown oxygen redox activity based on the strong hybridization between O 2p and the 4d or 5d states of the transition metals.
It also adds value to waste products from the Kraft lignin-derived hard carbon has demonstrated the potential to provide high-specific capacity and energy density, making it suitable for applications requiring efficient energy storage and rapid energy delivery, such as electric vehicles and portable electronic devices.
Greater fundamental knowledge of these phase transformations is essential to designing electrodes that can achieve their full theoretical capacity, thereby enabling the development of Na-ion batteries with higher energy densities than those currently available and identifying new chemistries for future battery systems.
The crystal structure of the prototype NASICON (a term for "Na super Ion conductor") compound NaZr 2 (PO 4 ) 3 was first reported by Hagman et al., but it was in 1976 when the structure type attracted wide attention after Goodenough and Hong demonstrated very high Na + -ion conductivity in Na 1+x Zr 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 .
Non-graphitic hard carbons (HC), formed by randomly-oriented and curved graphene sheets with expanded interlayer distance (3.6-4 Å), and with the possibility of being derived from biosources, are promising anode candidates for Na-ion batteries, showing typical reversible capacities of ca. 300 mAh g -1 (see refs. 6-19).
Additionally, the thickness of the coating and imperfections at the interface between the coating layer and the substrate can undermine structural integrity and performance. Amidst this backdrop, composite structural layered cathode materials have emerged as a vibrant frontier in high-performance SIB research (Fig. 1).
For the rst sodiation process, there are three inclined voltage platforms in the range of 1.28-1.19 V, 0.92-0.37 V, and 0.29-0.03 V, as shown in Fig. 3A, which are attributed to the formation of the SEI layer, the reaction of sodium ions into the MoS 2 layers and the sodium ions embedded graphene layers, respectively.
The region of low voltage plateau (0.3-0.01 V) likely represents the insertion of Na + into graphene layers and nanopores, which is a diffusion-controlled process. 44 Therefore, the sodium storage mechanisms of ILrGO, HBrGO, and FArGO involve both surface diffusion-controlled processes and capacitive-induced processes.
The rst results from Li-ion and Na-ion full-cell experiments, using LiCoO 2 and Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 as the cathodes, indicate stable cycling performance of SnSb NCs with specic Li-and Na-ion anodic capacities (average discharge voltage in parentheses) of 600 mA h g À1 (3.0 V) and 400 mA h g À1 (2.7 V), respectively.
The bimodal size distribution and hierarchical porosity provide an extraordinary set of properties and potential variables for the tailored synthesis of hierarchical porous carbons, making trehalose-derived hard carbon MS a highly promising material for applications in catalysis, filtration, and energy storage devices.
Sodium-ion batteries based on oxide solid electrolytes (see Figure 2) currently exhibit the high power density and long lifespan required for stationary energy storage, making them valuable for future applications. 3) allows it to have high ionic conductivity and thermal stability at operating temperatures above 300°C.
Conclusively, this research focused on the effects of preoxidation in the air at a temperature of 150 °C and prepyrolysis at 600 °C on the microstructure, porosity and electrochemical performance of the anode materials synthesized at a thermal treatment temperature of 1300 °C from coffee-waste for sodium-ion batteries.
The crystal structure of the prototype NASICON (a term for "Na Super Ion Conductor") compound NaZr 2 (PO 4 ) 3 was first reported by Hagman et al. , but it was in 1976 when the structure type attracted wide attention after Goodenough and Hong demonstrated very high Na + -ion conductivity in Na 1+x Zr 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 .
Considering the layered structure, Bruce's group have demonstrated the high electrochemical performance of β-NaMnO 2 , whose crystal structure consists of zigzag layers of edge-sharing MnO 6 octahedra, with NaO 6 octahedral residing in between these zigzag layers. β-NaMnO 2 exhibits an average cell voltage of 2.7 V (vs.
The review addresses the influence of diverse precursors and synthesis conditions on the electrochemical storage of micro-spherical hard carbons, focusing on the storage-capacity and storage-mechanism correlation and the precursors' structural influence in designing anodes for sustainable, green, and safe SIBs and PIBs.
The main advantage of potassium ion batteries is that potassium is an element with abundant reserves, the price is much lower than that of lithium, its standard redox potential is lower than that of sodium, and the ion conductivity of potassium ions in the electrolyte is higher than that of lithium ions and sodium ions.
This phenomenon can be explained by the largest interlayer spacing and appropriate structure of HC-1000, which is more favorable for sodium ion storage and transport. 27,36 The sample HC-1000 delivers superior electrochemical performances, initial discharge and charge capacities are 568 and 271 mA h g À1 , respectively.
As summarized in the Ragone plot (Fig. 3d), the NMVTP/C cathode exhibits the best performance among the polyanion-based sodium cathodes compared in this study. 7,50, In particular, NMVTP/C exhibits the highest specic energy of 455 W h kg -1 at a specic power of 85.5 W kg -1 (based on the mass of the cathode material).
When testing the sodium-ion battery models, the first two formation cycles were performed in the following mode: charging at a constant current of 0.1 C to a voltage of 4.1 V, followed by charging at a constant voltage until the current drops to 0.05 C, and discharge at a constant current of 0.1 C to a voltage of 0.4 V.
In the recent years, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted particular interest as one of the most promising solutions to grid energy storage because of the low cost and abundant resources of sodium salts in the Earth's crust and oceans, in sharp contrast to the limited resources and uneven distribution of lithium .
At present, the carbonization of organic polymers to prepare hard carbon (HC) materials, the preparation of composite materials of organic polymers with reduced graphene oxide (rGO) and carbon nanotubes (CNTs), and the fabrication of organometallic polymers can improve the conductivity and stability of organic polymers.
The procedure to calculate average voltages, which neglect pV and entropic contributions, is detailed in our previous studies. 52,53 Polycrystalline NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 was prepared through a classical solid-state synthesis route using Nb 2 O 5 , Nb, and P 2 O 5 precursors (for details, see the Experimental section).
Testing has found that the ion conductivity of this material at room temperature is 3.4 × 10 -3 S cm -1. The Na3La (PO4) 2 phase in this material changes the concentration of sodium ions, significantly changes the chemical composition of grain boundaries, and significantly increases the conductivity of grain boundaries.
S19, ESI †), indicating that BT has a stable structure after the oxidation reaction for sodium storage. 32 To gain deeper insights into the sodium storage mechanism, we investigated the BT electrode sheets disassembled at different cutoff voltages during the sodium insertion/extraction process using FT-IR and XPS tests.
In addition, by constructing a first-principles synthesis map for the possible chemical space of NASICON compounds, eight NASICONs were successfully synthesized and investigated as solid-state conductors, and room-temperature (~25 °C) ionic conductivity of 1.2 mS cm -1 was achieved in Na 3.4 Hf 0.6 Sc 0.4 ZrSi 2 PO 12 .
Considering that electrochemical decomposition of Na 2 CO 3 in the presence of water during charge can activate the electrochemical reaction at ~3.4 V in the subsequent discharge, it can be demonstrated that the carbonate reactions in the Nasicon SE-based Na-air cell can be activated by the dissolution of CO 2 in H 2 O.
In this investigation, we focus on elucidating the physical and electrochemical attributes of corncob-derived hard carbon synthesized at 1400 °C using operando, in situ and ex situ solid-state NMR spectroscopy techniques, complemented by other advanced characterization methods, such as SEM-EDX, XPS and electrochemistry.
Despite the instinct advantages of P2-type cathodes over O3 counterparts in terms of smaller Na + diffusion barrier, better structural reversibility, and higher water stability, P2-type layered oxides still face some critical challenges that need to be solved prior to their practical application: Structural deformation.
Two new sodium intercalation cathodes targeted for high specific energy and elemental abundance, P2-Na 2/3 [Ni 1/3Ày/2 Mn 2/3Ày /2Fe y ]O 2 (y = 1/6, 1/3), were recently reported by us. 19 It was found that the cycling stability of these Fe-substituted compositions was superior to Fe-free P2-Na 2/3 [Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 .
It is worth pointing out that O3-type materials require higher migration energy barriers due to the sodium ion migration through intermediate tetrahedral site between two adjacent octahedral sites (Fig. 1c) , compared to P2-type materials that can migrate directly between two adjacent trigonal prismatic sites (Fig. 1d).
The activation energy of the charge-transfer resistance at the HC/NaCBH interface Electrochemistry, 93, 047001 was 47 kJ mol ¹1 , which is consistent with a previously reported value. 23 This value was also lower than the activation energy for the charge-transfer reaction at the HC/NASICON interface (68 kJ mol ¹1 , Fig.
Compared to other hard carbon precursors, biomass-derived hard carbons are highly abundant, cheap, renewable, and mostly rich in heteroatoms, which is essential for battery applications. 14 The preparation process of hard carbons is oen optimized by tuning the synthesis parameters or changing the biomass precursor used.
However, the use of this milling machine is a well-known technique and has attracted the interest of Abstract: Sodium superionic conducting materials (NASICON) are promising solid electrolytes for Li-ion batteries and suitable to be used in the area that requires high energy density as well as rechargeable power sources.
Co-precipitation produces hydroxide or carbonate precursors with uniform metal-site distribution; after blending with a sodium source and a brief calcination step, it yields high tapdensity powders with controlled particle morphology and is currently the most industrially scalable wet route for both LIB and SIB cathodes.
EC : DEC : PC (1 : 1 : 1 vol%) was used as the solvent, and LiPF 6 , which is presently the most widely used salt in commercial LIBs, was chosen as the lithium salt for the lithiation process. Its electrochemical performance was compared to that of the Sn electrode in the SIB system using a NaPF 6 salt-based electrolyte.
To the best of our knowledge, only Kanakaraj et al. explored the use of soot nanoparticles for SIB applications. 29,31 This study, however, lacked the analysis of the Coulombic efficiency for long cycle and rate tests; hence the potential of these soot nanoparticles in SIBs is still not fully characterized, or optimized.
Solvent-free polymeric conductive sodium electrolytes made from POE-NaX salt complexes typically present high homogeneity and tensile strength, but ionic conductivity becomes relevant only while approaching melting temperature, moment at which mechanical properties decrease, being a safety issue in Na-polymer batteries .
However, this structural feature is disadvantageous for rapid sodium storage kinetics, 26 while partial embedding of phosphorus into the carbon framework enlarges the interlayer spacing and decreases the number of stacked closed pores, thereby increasing rapid sodium storage. 27 Compared to the original hard carbon (Fig.
In addition, the reconstructed layer that integrates the coating and gradient Ca 2+ doped interphase remains apparent after extended cycling, effectively preserving the integrity and order of the original O3-type structure and thus enhancing the long-term Na storage performance (Fig. 6g, h and Supplementary Fig. 37) 14 .
Some other aspects and importance of doping in NASICONs have previously been discussed in the literature. 32, They show that doping has a strong inuence on Na + site occupancy and sample density and that the choice of the right doping elements can modify the microstructure, thereby affecting grain boundary conductivity.
Indeed, exsitu electronic microscopy analysis -scanning electronic microscopy (SEM) and transmission electronic microscopy (TEM) clearly shows the exfoliation of the P2-type layered oxides after cycling, which has been attributed as one of the causes of the poor capacity retention of P2-Na 2/3 [Fe 1/2 Mn 1/2 ]O 2 25,26 .
Owing to its intrinsic open frame, stable structure and moderate synthesis process, Prussian blue shows great potential as an advanced sodium ion battery cathode. Unfortunately, due to its poor electronic conductivity and defects in its inner structure, the electrochemical performance of commercial Prussian blue is poor.
These materials address structural stability and capacity retention issues, enhancing the batteries' overall durability and providing performance benets throughout their lifecycle. The chemical pre-lithiation/sodiation process involves the incorporation of lithium or sodium ions into the anode material during synthesis.
Also, as mentioned before, the provided list of SIB cathodes is not necessarily comprehensive, given that there are other materials that can be considered promising for future assessments. 36,39 Fig. 7 Comparison of HTL, LCA HTox and THP of different vanadium-providing precursors for the synthesis of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 .
Interestingly, the synthetic strategies that led to the discovery of many silicon clathrates and other open-cage structures rely on Na-based precursors (e.g., Na 4 Si 24 38 , Na x Si 136 39 , and Na 8 Si 46 39 ), which suggests that such compounds could show high sodium intercalation capacities and fast ion mobility 40 .
Using the Pourbaix Atlas as a generalized guide to chemical stability, we identify NaHf 2 P 3 O 12 (NHP) as a candidate NaSICON material for enhanced chemical stability at pH > 12, and demonstrate the stability of NHP powders under accelerated aging conditions of 80 C and pH ¼ 13-15 for a variety of alkali metal cations.
Discs were polished on both sides to thicknesses between 0.85-1.00 mm using sandpapers up to 4000 grit. 34 Chemical analysis of NaSICON via inductively coupled plasma and LECO O (NSL Analytical, Cleveland, OH) yielded a composition of Na3.38Zr1.92Si2.56P0.64O12, in line with the target composition Na3.4Zr2.0Si2.4P0.6O12.
Stevens and Dahn demonstrated the feasibility of hard carbon anode in SIBs and proposed a "card-house" model for Na + storage mechanism in glucose-derived hard carbon , revealing the intercalation of Na + inside the stacked graphene layers (sloping region) and the pore-filling of Na + into the nanovoids (plateau region).
Avery cheap and benign combination of amorphous Ge loaded onto the graphite network has achieved an augmented performance (526 mAh g -1 over 120 cycles along with 160 mAh g -1 at 10 C of ampere density) that highlights possibilities for more superior capacity Ge-based SIB anodes particularly having 2D and 3D structures .
For the hybrid electrolyte systems, the same cell structure as the Nasicon SE based Na-air cell was used but the cathode side of the cell is closed to the air unlike the Na-air battery, which has the air-electrode open to the air, to suppress the evaporation of the aqueous electrolytes during the test (Supplementary Fig.
SnO 2 @CMK (C mesostructured by KAIST) conversion-alloying SIB anodes fabricated using different binders such as PVDF, sodium carboxymethylcellulose (NaCMC), sodium polyacrylate (NaPAA), and NaCMC/NaPAA have shown capacities of 460, 530, 560, and 650 mAh g -1 , respectively, under a current of 100 mA g -1 over 300 cycles.
Herein, a Na-rich birnessite (NaMnO 2 •0.1H 2 O) with a highly ordered layered structure is reported as an advanced positive electrode for aqueous sodiumion batteries, greatly suppressing Mn migration and its accompanying domino degradation effect, which enables a promoted upper charging cut-off potential up to 1.4 V (vs.
Some other heteroatom doping strategies are listed in Table S1. † It can be found that HC is still the most state-of-the-art anode material, as well as doping covalent heteroatoms is a viable approach to improve the sodium storage capacity, whereas HC still suffers low ICE regardless of the source and preparation process.
Our study highlights the importance of designing a disordered transition metal/charge arrangement in the layered oxides as a promising strategy to improve their Na-storage performance in terms of rate capability and long cycle stability for the development of high-power and long-life room-temperature sodium-ion batteries.
Here, a freestanding three-dimensional graphdiyne-hollowed FeCoNi Prussian blue analog electrode (h-FeCoNi PBA@GDY) with highly selective and active interfaces was synthesized by in situ growth of a GDY layer on the surface of h-FeCoNi PBA and used for the ECNtRR in alkaline solution at ambient temperatures and pressures.
Despite the theoretical specic capacity of borophene being twice as low as that of Na 3 P and the sodium ion diffusivity on borophene being slightly superior to it, the electronic conductivity is much faster than that of Na 3 P with a semiconducting characteristic, indicating the much better rate capability of borophene.
Although these 0-to 2-dimensional (0-2D) types of Mo-based nitrides display enhanced electrochemical properties, these materials still deliver unsatisfactory specific capacity and electrochemical properties owing to their inferior specific surface area and long transport paths of sodium ion during applying as SIBs anode .
Two distinct cathodic peaks at 2.59 V and 3.46 V correspond to a two-step sodium storage mechanism involving the reduction of Pb 2+ to Pb 0 , accompanied by Na 4 Fe(CN) 6 generation. 36 Conversely, the anodic scan reveals two oxidation peaks at 1.35 V and 3.36 V, conrming the reversible nature of these redox transitions.
The excellent porous structures with stable channels and the perfect electronic/ionic conductivity achieved by the MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid ensure the reversible insertion/extraction of sodium ions at a large scale, which promotes the exploitation of all the active sites of MoS 2 nanoflakes in rapid charge/discharge processes.
Zheng et al. 20 reported sodium ion single ion conducting SPEs consisting of poly(sodium 2-[μ-metharyloyloligo(oxyethylene)] ethylsulfonate); in this system, the oligo(oxyethylene) chain assists in the dissociation of the sodium cation from sulfonate and Na + ion transport is facilitated by flexible macromolecular chains.
Therefore, rational approaches should be developed to further improve the cycle life of SIB anodes; for instance, designing hybrid electrodes in which an intercalation material and a conversion material can play a synergistic role may be an effective strategy to achieve both high capacity and good cycling performance 31 .
While halfcell configurations have been instrumental in basic research, the convergence of scientific and industrial advancements has shifted focus to sodium-ion full batteries (SIFBs), showcasing their potential for low-temperature applications and driving further innovation in both research and practical implementation.
The findings resolve the controversy over the origins of Prussian blue analogues cathode degradation, emphasize the necessity of eliminating irreversible crystal/structural changes to guarantee enhanced cycling stability, and demonstrate the potential of Prussian blue analogues cathode for commercial sodium-ion batteries.
Whilst graphite shows almost no ability to store sodium electrochemically, nongraphitizable hard carbons demonstrate good reversible capacity and are among the cheapest proposed anode materials to date. Early studies reported two electrochemical processes: a sloping region followed by a process close to 0 V versus sodium.
Additionally, the synergy between reaction thermodynamics and kinetics is evident in the synthesis of P2-type sodium transition metal oxides for application in sodium-ion batteries where the formation of various metastable species is observed, preceding the eventual attainment of thermodynamically stable compounds 10,19 .
Due to the sodium storage mechanism of multi-electron reversible redox reactions, organic electrode materials have abundant natural resources, diverse structures, and high electrochemical performance, which provide a possible choice for the design of green SIBs with high capacity, low cost, sustainability, and flexibility.
Through the analysis of electronic density of states and charge density difference upon sodiation, we find that the Na x TiO 2 compounds in TB phases change from electron insulating to electron conducting material due to the electron transfer from Na atom to Ti ion, offering the Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ redox couple for SIB operation.
Synchronously designing pseudo-graphitic domains featuring expanded interlayer spacing, rich closed pores and short ion transfer paths is crucial to enhancing sodium-ion (Na + ) kinetics and storage of hard carbon anodes for fast-charging sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), yet remains challenging due to their inherent trade-off.
The synergetic effect that combines advantages of different polymorphs to achieve better performance was also identied in the P3/P2/O3 multiphasic Na 0.76 -Mn 0.5 Ni 0.3 Fe 0.1 Mg 0.1 O 2 material. 163 The mixed phase displays higher capacity than the individual P2-type phase and better cyclability than the O3-type phase.
The half-cell cycle performance of the Na metal/O3-type positive electrode led to a considerable improvement in capacity retention, i.e., 46.5% at the 100th cycle, following the addition of LiPF 6 , indicating that the reinforcement of the O3-type electrode surface is sufficiently achieved by introducing the additive (Fig.
Prussian blue analogs (PBAs), a kind of metal-organic framework with the formula A x M y [M 0 (CN) 6 ] z $nH 2 O, where A refers to an alkaline metal and M, M 0 refer to transition metals, have been widely studied as attractive cathodes for SIBs in the past decade due to their high theoretical capacity and long-cycle life.
Chi et al reported the organic carbonyl compound disodium rhodizonate (Na4C6O6) with an average voltage of 2.15 V versus Na + /Na and a theoretical specific capacity of 205 mAh g -1 , which may be attained by two-electron and two-sodium ion exchange between reduced (Na4C6O6 ) and oxidized (Na2C6O6 ) forms of this compound.
The MoS 2 /NSGs-G electrode has a satisfactory reversible sodium storage capacity and extremely stable cycling performance, which are attributed to the nitrogen and sulfur co-doping increasing the sodium storage sites and a three-dimensional interconnected network that can stabilize the structure of the electrode material.
Specifically, different metal elements may lead to different energy storage properties, and in addition, the presence of multiple elements alters the electronic structure, sodium-ion migration environment, and adsorption capacity of the metal-organic frameworks to improve the sodium-ion migration capacity in the materials.
Consequently, the mobility of liquid plasticizers is restricted, which helps inhibit side reactions at the interphases and enhance the interfacial stability. Currently, researches on QSPEs mainly focus on inhibiting dendrite formation on sodium metal 31 and enhancing interfacial stability and have made signicant progress.
Our results provide solid evidence that supports our hypothesis of structure-capacity correlation, where the low-potential plateau is attributed to the intercalation of Na-ions in turbostratic nanodomains with less defects and the sloping region corresponds to the binding between defective sites of hard carbon and Na-ions.
Na + /Na 0 (or until x(Na) ≈ 2/3), albeit with a relatively low capacity of 80 mA h g -1 . 51,65 The Na 2/3 Fe 1/2 Mn 1/2 O 2 composition was first reported by Yabuuchi et al. and the P2type and O3-type materials were found to deliver capacities of 190 mA h g -1 and 111 mA h g -1 respectively when cycled from 1.5-4.3 V vs.
These redox reactions lead to phase changes, O3 R 2 O3 R + O3 M 2 O3 M 2 O3 M + P3 M 2 P3 M , in the cathode during sodiation and desodiation processes. 17,18,34 O3 R , O3 M , and P3 M represent O3-type rhombohedral, monoclinic with symmetry but distorted a-b planes and prismatic monoclinic phases in NaCrO 2 , respectively.
We study oxygen evolution reaction on the carbon-nitrogen vacancy-mediated Prussian blue analogues, which exhibit a low overpotential of 283 millivolts at 10 milliamperes per square centimeter in alkali, far exceeding that of original Prussian blue analogues and previously reported oxygen evolution catalysts with vacancies.
It is attributed to the structural changes in hard carbons at high temperature, especially the decrease of the interplanar distance with graphitization that limits the intercalation of sodium ions and then the closed pores filling (also in accordance with a contribution of intercalation if it occurs on the plateau region) .
At the early stage of the research, it was often demonstrated that only a negligible amount of sodium ions can be intercalated into the graphite structure (i.e., 30 mAh g -1 ), which was attributed to the thermodynamic instability of the binary Na-intercalated graphite compound (b-GIC) based on computational studies 14,15 .
Inuence of Ni/Mn stoichiometry on Na + /vacancy orderingsif we compare the same Na + /vacancy ordered structure for P2-Na Based on the above ndings, we can deduce that the Na + / vacancy orderings in P2-type Na x MO 2 at sodium contents of x = 2/3 and 1/2 are considerably inuenced by the charge ordering in the MO 2 slab.
Compared with the single atom doped carbon layer, the double atom doped carbon layer can generate more active sites, enhance the diffusion of sodium ions and improve the battery performance. 42,43 Huang et al. 44 successfully prepared nitrogen-sulfur co-doped carbon Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP-C-NS) via a simple sol-gel method.
According to the XRD results in Fig. 1a, we noted that the typical PBAs achieved a face-centered cubic structure. 55 The peaks , , of HQ-NiHCF were split into almost equal forces which was due to the expansion of the crystal lattice and decrease in symmetry caused by the large amount of sodium ions in the crystal structure.
From an industrial perspective, this has the potential of saving time, energy and cost for materials such as NASICON, which is ultimately important if these materials are to be adopted for large-scale energy storage. author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.
Additionally, significant changes in crystal water content in the N1 (from 10.11 wt% to 0.62 wt%) and N2 (from 5.28 wt% to 1.28 wt%) during the second 10000 cycles (Supplementary Figs. 2 and26) indicate that the intercalation and deintercalation of hydrated sodium ions also contribute to irreversible structural degradation.
Although the micron-sized anode showed moderate storage capacities (∼106 and 84 mA h g -1 for Li and Na cells, respectively) at higher C-rate (1C) aer 200 cycles, further optimization of the electrode and electrolytes is expected to produce better performance, which can aid in building high energy density Na-ion batteries.
The in situ selfreconstruction of mesophase components (Na 2 ZrSi 2 O 7 and Na 3 PO 4 ) facilitates the formation of an amorphous NASICON interphase at grain boundaries. 23 This structural evolution significantly enhances intergranular connectivity, resulting in exceptional grain-boundary conductivity reaching 36 mS cm -1 .
The similarity in electronegativity and ionic radius of Ti 4+ (0.605 Å) and Mn 3+ (0.645 Å) results in minimal impact on the crystal structure, and Ti enhances the distribution and transfer of the sodium ions, especially in the second cycle, allowing more sodium deintercalation while retaining some to support the structure.
Furthermore, the maximum energy and power density achievable in PTCDA-PI2 were 285 W h kg À1 and 20.99 kW kg À1 , respectively. 122 Several Prussian blue analogues have been studied for application as a cathode material in NIBs. Prussian blue comprises an open framework capable of accommodating the insertion of alkali ions.
Versatile nanostructures, such as carbon, metal oxide, sulfide, selenide and phosphide, have been fabricated from MOFs through pyrolysis or wet chemistry strategies, which exhibit outstanding electrochemical performances for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) because of well-defined nanostructures inherited from the starting MOFs.
Compared to LIBs, the SIB chemistry promises reduced cost for not only electrolytes and cathodes but also other battery components such as the anode current collector (expensive copper foil is replaced by aluminum, as Na does not alloy with aluminum) and even shipping/storing because of the overdischarge tolerance of SIBs .
It is essential to MOF-derived FeP@C 100 387 100 0.01-3.0 FeP@NC 500 375 2,000 0.01-3.0 H-FeP@C@GR 100 400 250 0.01-3.0 FeP@PNC 500 224.5 4,500 0.01-3.0 FeP@NPC film 1,000 253 300 0.01-3.0 FeP@C@PG film explore in greater depth the relationship between crystal structure, electronic structure, and sodium storage performance.
Moreover, it has more closed pores and sodium storage sites, which are conducive to sodium storage, and thus exhibits higher reversible specic capacity and excellent cycling stability. 39 The resistance characteristics of the samples were characterized through AC impedance testing, and the test results are shown in Fig. 3f.
So far, some phosphates have been synthesized and reported to deliver considerable sodium storage performance as either cathode (for example, Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (refs 9,10), Na 3 V 2 O 2x (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 À 2x (refs 11,12) and so on) or anode (for example, NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (refs 13,14), Na 3 Ti 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (ref. 15) and so on).
The development of Na-ion batteries, whose upper continental crust abundance (ucca) is signicantly higher than that of Li (2.567 wt% vs. 0.0022 wt%, respectively), 1 as a cheaper alternative is therefore a promising route to diversify technology for grid or local storage applications that do not require high energy density.
Meanwhile, it is a cost-effective means to combine hard carbons with other materials with salient electrical conductivity. Sufficient specific surface is conducive to shorten the diffusion path and accelerate the transfer rate of K + , which plays a positive role in realizing the rapid energy storage at high current density.
For anode, different kind of materials have been investigated such as, i) non-graphitic carbon anode including hard carbon 6 , carbon microspheres by pyrolysis of polymeric resin 7 , N-doped porous carbon fibres 8 ii) Ti-based anode materials like, amorphous TiO 2 9 , Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 /Carbon black 10 and expanded graphite 11 .
Hard carbons with similar electrochemical signatures have typically been synthesized at temperatures higher than 1100 1C (Table S1, ESI †). 13 In contrast, our approach demonstrates that the unique structure can be achieved at a lower temperature, important for reducing the energy footprint in the synthesis of these carbons.
In the NASICON framework, the choice of transition metal and polyanion group in the structure allows for tunable operating potential, as illustrated in Fig. 11(d), which presents the theoretically calculated voltages for combinations of 3d TMs in the Na x MM ′ (PO 4 ) 3 framework, where M and M ′ are present in a 1:1 ratio .
According to the Randles-Sevcik equation, the peak current (I p ) as a function of the scan rate (n) can be expressed as follows: where n is the number of electrons transferred, A is the electrode surface area, D Na is the sodium-ion diffusion coefficient, C is the concentration of the active species, and n is the scan rate.
It is worth noting, that these values of specic capacities, cycling stability and ICE for the mixtures are among high performing organic anode materials for NIBs. To further probe the sodium storage in the binary mixtures, rate performance tests were carried out from 25 mA g -1 up to a current density of 1 A g -1 (Fig. 2b).
Although it is common in aqueous sodium-ion battery literature to test active materials against a sodium-free counter electrode (such as Pt or Zn for example), 30 the absence of sodium in the counter electrode leads to side reactions such as metal dissolution/plating and/or electrolyte degradation (H 2 and/or O 2 evolution).
In another study, Bai et al. also made use of DFT calculations to investigate the anionic redox activity of the P2-Na 2/3 Mn 7/9 Zn 2/9 O 2 system at high voltages. 107 Layered oxides with the chemical formula Na x MO 2 are a promising class of positive electrode material for application in rechargeable sodium-ion batteries.
In particular, Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 (NVPF) as a sodium (Na) super ionic conductor (NASICON), has been reported to deliver a high output voltage (3.95 V) and energy density (up to 500 Wh kg -1 ) as a result of the highly ionic F-V bond, which enables an electrochemical output comparable to lithium iron phosphatebased LIBs .
The contribution of different pore sizes extends to different q values, with smaller pores contributing at higher q values. 50 Both HCMS samples developed pronounced microporosity aer pyrolysis with identical average pore diameters of 1.45 nm, which is characteristic for the hard carbon structure of saccharide-derived HCMS.
Therefore, in order to achieve the practical application of all-solid-state sodiumion batteries while making use of the high sodium-ion conductivity and hardness that NASICON possesses, it is important to improve the interface contact between the hard carbon anode and the solid electrolyte to reduce the interface resistance.
Recently, with the depletion of fossil fuels worldwide and the increasing energy demand, the development of humans in various fields, such as housing, industry, Various positive electrode materials for SIBs, such as Prussian blue analogs, polyanionic compounds, and layered transition metal (TM) oxides have been investigated.
With all things considered, the ether-derived SEI, though containing no fluorine component, is inherently stable and has low resistivity, thus, the combination of ether solvent with reduction-tolerant NaBPh 4 salt is the most effective one to achieve highly reversible and high-rate cycling of hard carbon negative electrodes.
In conclusion, we were able to employ ambient air as a fuel in a Nasicon SE-based Na-air cell capable of delivering reversible capacity by activating electrochemical reactions with carbonates and hydroxides, which are commonly believed to degrade the reversibility and induce high polarization in reported metal-air batteries.
Na-ion batteries (NIBs) have been studied intensively during the last decade and have become a credible alternative for current lithium-ion battery (LIB) technology. 1 The low price and worldwide abundance of sodium and the possible utilization of sustainable and renewable electrode materials are valuable advantages of NIBs.
Mn-rich layered sodium cathode materials generally have a strong tendency to form P-type instead of O-type structures. To demonstrate the uniqueness of the O3 phase of NaLRNMC4.6, we have synthesized two other materials by mixing the transition metal hydroxide precursors with alkali metal sources with subsequent calcination.
As we already know, the carbon derived from lignosulfonate is not a noble carbon but rather a reductive carbon, 69,70 indicating that its Fermi level is much higher than the one of the articial-SEI. 31,69 Here, LSC donates electrons to the CN that subsequently accumulates sodium ions due to the polarization effect (Fig. 4).
According to the first cycle of in-situ charge and discharge curves, the and peaks of the P2 phase gradually shift to a lower and then turn to higher angles during the Na + extraction, the OP4 peak emerges around charging to 3.5 V when sodium ions are extracted to a critical concentration (~1/3 of the initial sodium content).
In this study, using P2-structured Na0.66Ni0.25Mn0.75O2 (NNMO) and the Li doped version of Na0.66[(Ni0.25Mn0.75)0.9Li0.1]O2 (NLNMO) as the model material systems, we have elaborated the effect of Li doping on the redox activities of TM and oxygen using systematic X-ray characterization and functional theory (DFT) simulations.
Na + sites [Na, Na] in the interstitial channels which are partially occupied. 17 The complexity of the NASICON structure easily leads to non-stoichiometry and difficulties in single crystal formation. 18 The direct hydrothermal synthesis of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 crystals with the desired morphology is a challenging undertaking.
Finally, as the composition approaches Na 0.3 Fe 0.5 Co 0.5 O 2 , an O3 0 type phase evolves, yielding an O3-P3-P 0 3-O3 0 sequence of phase transitions, see Fig. 6. 51 The insertion and extraction of sodium ions from the O3-NaNi 1/3 Mn 1/3 Co 1/3 O 2 composition was also found to be associated with several phase transitions.
S6 †) demonstrate the characteristic reflections of disordered hard carbon materials, corresponding to , , and planes. 66 It is important to note that the Ruland and Smarsly algorithm focuses on the characteristic diffraction peaks of non-graphitic carbon, primarily the and reflections, and to a lesser extent, the reflection.
The coulombic efficiency after the 2nd cycle is over 99.5%, and the discharge capacity at the 100th cycle is 79 mAh (g-NaCrO 2 ) ¹1 , which corresponds to 90% capacity retention. sodium-ion concentrations Figure 4 shows the discharge curves of HC/NaCrO 2 full cells with x(Na[FSA]) = 0.20 and 0.40 at different discharge rates.
Thus, NIBs are expected to be used as large-scaled energy devices such as electric vehicles and stationary batteries. 1 Hard carbon has been reported as promising anode materials with an excellent cyclability. 2,3 Hard carbon anodes have already been put to practical use in sodium-ion batteries for electric vehicles in China.
On the other hand, since it is widely recognized that sodium ion have a much larger size than lithium ion, the voids in the CNFIG architecture provide the space to grow MoS 2 nanoflakes, offer ample pathways for the mass transport and storage of large sodium ions, tolerate the volume changes during charge/discharge processes.
Furthermore, all the XRD peaks of Na 3 Co 0.5 Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 shifted to higher angles when charging to 4.2 V, indicating a volume shrinkage owing to the extraction of sodium-ions from the NASICON structure; 28 and the diffraction peaks of the electrode recovered to its original state on discharging to 2.8 V (see ESI, Fig.
However, the overexploitation of lithium and its limited availability could lead to a lithium shortage in the near future. 1 Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) emerge as viable alternatives to LIBs, owing to their similar electrochemical properties. Additionally, sodium is both evenly distributed globally and economically accessible.
The detailed equations are presented in the ESI. † The output of the battery cell model serves as input for the production model, which was based on Degen et al. 2,203 Even though the model was validated for LIB production, SIB technology was assumed as a drop-in technology without major alternations in the production process.
A series of fundamental experiments on electrolytes in different systems should be conducted through advanced characterization and simulation calculations to explore the ionic size of the solvent, the size of the solvated ions, and other parameters that may affect the sodium storage mechanism in different structural materials.
The MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid was used as binder-free anodes, and sodium foil was used as the cathode with a microporous glass fiber separator (Whatman) placed between the sodium metal counter electrode and the working electrode. 1 M NaClO 4 (Alfa Aesar) in (1:1 v/v) dimethyl carbonate/ethylene carbonate was used as the electrolyte.
An important consideration regarding NASICON processing is the high temperatures required for the sintering process, which can lead to Na 2 O and P 2 O 5 volatilization, causing zirconia segregation at the grain boundary and, thus, a decrease in mechanical properties and the total ionic conductivity of the ceramic electrolyte.
NASICON-structured Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 has a practical capacity of 85 mAh/g, which is short of the already low theoretical capacity of 118 mAh/g, although its stability during cycling is somewhat better. 14 NaVPO 4 F is also of interest, however, it suffers from low electronic conductivity like many other polyanionic compounds.
We confirmed that the structural topology was roughly unchanged from the XRD profiles during sodium extraction (Fig. 4(a,b)) and a gradual edge-energy increase in the V K-edge X-ray absorption near edge spectra (XANES) (Fig. 4(c,d)), indicating a reversible sodium intercalation reaction process accompanying V redox (V 4+/5+ ).
Although P2-type cathodes are deficient in Na content (typically ranging from 0.6 to 0.7) that requires additional Na supplement to achieve full-cell application, the intrinsically lower Na + diffusion barrier and better moisture tolerance of P2-type cathodes still make them very competitive for enabling high-performance SIBs.
Ex situ XANES and XPS analysis combined with detailed electro-kinetics analysis point out that both Ni and Mn components were redox-active, and the disordered [NiO6] octahedral favored pseudocapacitive charge storage and enhanced both capacity and rate performance of the resulting (Ni)MnO2 materials for aqueous Na-ion storage.
The low intensities of peaks attributed to Na 2 CO 3 and sodium alkyl carbonate C 1s spectra in FEC are indicative of a thinner surface layer than the Std electrolyte, which is consistent with other observations in the literature. 6,22 These inorganic species form a compact inner SEI layer on the hard carbon surface (Fig. 3d).
For sol-gel and hydro/solvothermal methods, while it is understood that there are multiple variables that can be controlled during synthesis (pH, temperature, stirring rate, choice of solvent/salt/precipitant/chelating agent, etc.), how to tune them to achieve optimized morphology deserves further exploration for Na-ion LTMOs.
The highest performance of the carbon pyrolysed at 1500 1C therefore results from the optimal combination of intermediate pore size with wide interlayer spacings which provide storage for Na + and diffusion channels for sodium ions, but not electrolyte, into pores, as well as defects which serve as additional adsorption sites.
The high R-value feature puts Na0.55 itself in a preparatory state for the phase transition as its interlayer spacing is intrinsically high, with a rapid yet gentle O3-P3 phase transition (Supplementary Fig. 31), which was also observed in the in situ charge-discharge XRD of O3-Na0.65 (R = 1.841) (Supplementary Figs. 32 and33).
For comparison, materials considered as potential cathode material for Na-ion batteries such as Na 3 V 2 (PO4) 2 F 3 and Na 2/3 (Fe 1/2 Mn 1/2 )O 2 have volumetric capacities of 349 and 570 mA h cm À3 , respectively. 2 In that regard, the performances of Na 2 Fe 2 OS 2 fall within the right range for commercial application (cf.
To quantitatively deconvolute the contributions of capacitive and diffusioncontrolled sodium storage mechanisms, the current response is analyzed using the following i-v relationship: where k 1 v and k 2 v 1/2 correspond to the capacitive (surface-controlled) and diffusion-limited (bulk-phase) current components, respectively .
As known from Carter et al., cells with different SIB cathode materials, behave quite differently during ARC-tests. 26 Furthermore, an NFMO cathode, being a layered oxide type, is expected to show stronger TR-effects than an LFP cathodepotentially even resembling, to some extent, the behaviour of layered oxide cathodes in LIBs.
In summary, we have successfully designed O3-type cathodes across a broad range from Na0.55 to Na1 with R values far exceeding regular O3type boundary conditions, and the impact of R-value (R = d O-Na-O /d O-TM-O ) on their electrochemical properties, phase evolution, and cation migration behaviors were thoroughly investigated.
The results in Fig. 6f show that by keeping the Na content and cation radius constant, the activation energy can be reduced up to ~200 meV solely by increasing the silicate content from 0 to 2/3, implying that the highest ionic conductivity might be obtained in pure silicate NASI-CONs or NASICONs with SiO 4 4-content above 2/3.
These ndings illustrate the effectiveness of a periodic law-guided co-substitution approach in improving both stability and performance for sodium-ion cathodes, thereby offering valuable insights on how to design materials that will satisfy the demanding conditions typically experienced by systems for practical energy storage.
Due to the open framework of the P2 structure, which presents direct sodium ion diffusion pathways between adjacent trigonal prismatic Na sites and therefore low activation energies for sodium ion diffusion, and excellent rate performance has been reported for P2-type materials. 22 The lower Na content in P2-type materials (cf.
Recently, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been highlighted as attractive alternatives to LIBs for energy storage for both economic and scientific reasons; namely, sodium reserves are abundant and the reaction chemistries adopting a monovalent charge carrier are similar (Kim et al., 2015;Choi et al., 2018;Konarov et al., 2018).
Both the P2 and O3 phases can be used as cathode materials for SIB but generally P2 is considered to be a better electrode material due to high sodium ion diffusion rate and restricted slab gliding. 52 This study will focus on synthesizing and characterizing layered sodium transition metal oxides with varying transition metals.
The sodium plating during discharge in the plateau region is a significant concern investigated at various stages between 2 V and 0 V (Fig. 3c) by Qiu et al. 54 The solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance (SSNMR) studies during the discharge process revealed metallic/pseudo-metallic sodium during the Na-ion pore filling process.
Although a great extent of research has been made to establish the effect of the pyrolysis temperature on the performance of biomass-derived hard carbons in SIBs, 29,30,32,33 fewer studies have been conducted to analyze the effect of pyrolysis temperature in a multi-step carbon synthesis process on Na + storage characteristics.
Although diverse efforts have been devoted to the incorporation of defects and functionalities in carbonaceous materials for improved performances of SIB anodes as their effects on capacity and overall performance enhancement are evident in many instances, their participation in capacity-fading pathways hinders their benefits .
Through systematically comparing their electrochemical performance and investigating their phase transition and Na + diffusion coefficient during charge/discharge, we have identified the correlation between entropy and active crystal facet, cationic/anionic kinetics as well as an electrochemical performance of P2-type cathodes.
The theoretical specic capacity for sodium storage in CityU-26 is 296.8 mA h g -1 (C = n × (F × 1000)/(M × 3600), F = 96 485.3321233100184 C mol -1 , M = 1444.82), in good agreement with the measured values since the layered structures of CityU-26 could facilitate the intercalation of Na + ions to enhance its storage capacity.
Unlike the micropore filling that has been reported in hard carbon materials, the filling of the supercages of ZTC does not show a long and distinct plateau, but rather a steady decreasing slope at 1.5-0.1V, which is similar to carbon nanotubes and activated carbon with small interspaces used to store sodium ions 7,9,42,46,47 .
The carbon nanotube possesses a highly conductive network to accelerate the charge transfer, the large specific surface area provides efficient buffer matrix, and the large internal space can accommodate volume expansion during repeated charging/discharging processes, all of which contribute to high sodium storage performance .
We further posit that understanding volume change in sodium-ion electrodes at a fundamental level will lead to the designing new sodium-ion electrode materials that will allow for efficient, stable, lower-cost energy storage. remain significantly more expensive than Li-ion systems when amortized over the lifetime of the battery.
Interestingly, the reversible plateau observed at 1.95 V for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 (Figure 3c) cycled over the narrow voltage window (1.8 -3.8 V) disappears, implying rearrangements of electronic and/or local structure associated with oxygen redox. (blue), cycle 10 (green) and cycled 30 (dark yellow) for Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2.
Solid-state electrolytes, viz., NASICONS, garnets, and perovskites-based composite polymers, have been quite successfully applied in solid-state batteries. 5,9,13,14 Developing solid-state supercapacitors (SSCs) along with SSBs is an important approach as their combination can lead to new generation smart energy storage systems.
As shown in Fig. 23e, the reasons for the excellent sodium storage electrochemical performance of the SnO 2-x /C electrodes are as follows: Firstly, SnO 2-x /C electrode could effectively inhibit the aggregation and separation of Sn and Na 2 O phase and also reduce the large volume variation during the charge/ discharge process.
These features are similar to the LIB and SIB corresponding to the reversible doping and de-doping of lithium-ions and sodium- To quantify the Li + /Na + charge storage, the galvanostatic charge-discharge profiles of the TPEHBZ-ThBS CMP anode were recorded at a 0.1C rate, and the obtained first three cycles are shown in Fig. 4 .
Na 4 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , which differs from its traditional stoichiometric counterpart Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 that can provide extra endogenous sodium reserves to mitigate the irreversible capacity loss of the anode material (i.e. hard carbon), is an intriguing presodiation method for the development of high energy sodium-ion batteries.
We expect our findings to mark an important step in the industrial application of sodium vanadium fluorophosphates for Na-ion batteries. stablishing diverse and renewable energy storage systems has attracted wide attention with respect to the grid connection of clean energy sources and achieving sustainable resource utilization.
Despite only a minor difference in theoretical capacity between Na 3 Sb and Na 3.75 Sn, signicantly lower capacities were observed for SnSb NC Na-ion anodes, as in previous reports. 40,56 In particular, at currents of 200, 1000 and 5000 mA g À1 , initial capacities of only 560, 420 and 380 mA h g À1 were obtained, respectively.
In studies of O3-type NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 , it was found that both the Ni 2+/4+ and Fe 3+/4+ redox couples contribute to capacity below 4 V, however the Fe redox couple remains dominant above 4 V. 139 Despite stabilization of the Mn 4+ state during cycling, Fe migration into the Na layer remains an issue at high voltages.
Core-shell type structures were rst reported in materials for lithium-ion batteries, 170 but the method has been adapted to produce several sodium-ion battery materials. 171,172 In these studies, a Ni-rich core composition is used to deliver high capacity, while a Mn-rich shell is typically used to improve structural stability.
Yang et al. achieved independent control of pore size distribution by treating carbonized walnut shell with hexadecyl trimethyl ammonium bromide under hydrothermal conditions. 15 The resulting hard carbon material, rich in mesopores, exhibited an outstanding cycling capacity of 283.7 mAh g -1 at a current density of 20 mA g -1 .
Accordingly, the environmental impacts of Na-ion batteries can be accounted for by utilising the life cycle assessment (LCA) methodology, which follows the ISO 14040/44 international standards. 24,26 LCA is already an essential tool for designing sustainable solutions in the energy field, both in research and at industry levels.
Moreover, the exclusion of solvent molecules from the micropores creates additional storage sites for bare Na + , thereby enhancing the material's overall capacity. 27 Consequently, tuning the pore structure emerges as a promising strategy to substantially improve sodium storage capacity while maintaining high rate capabilities.
This is in contrast to the 7 Li measurements, where the first peak shifts from 0 to 18 ppm during the same period. 18,19 However, such a shift in the sodium spectra could be masked by the strong electrolyte signal around À10 ppm or could be a result of using a different hard carbon than was used in the published lithium spectra.
With the aim to relate the investigated morphological features of the HCs to their electrochemical properties as LIB (Figure 3a,b) and SIB (Figure 3c,d) anodes, irreversible capacity and reversible capacity were defined as follows: the irreversible capacity is the difference between the 1st charge and the 3rd discharge capacity.
For Li-ion batteries anode, the values of Li diffusion coefficient in graphite range from 1.12 × 10 -10 to 6.05 × 10 -11 cm 2 s -1 . 49 For Na-ion batteries anode, the Na diffusion coefficients range from 10 -6 to 10 -11 cm 2 s -1 at room temperature (300 K), which are sufficiently high enough to achieve a good rate performance.
Furthermore, our work detailing the pillar chemistry for sodium storage in K-containing hosts enriches general insertion chemistry and provides insight into understanding the alkali metal ion storage mechanism of hosts containing heterogeneous cations, which could motivate the development of more sustainable systems beyond SIBs.
The Na-ion transference number (t Na +) of the electrolyte was obtained according to the following equation: where ΔV refers to the applied potential (10 mV), I 0 and I SS refer to the initial and stabilized current values before and after polarization, and R 0 and R SS refer to the impedance values before and after polarization.
The addition of FEC was proposed to be benecial for the stability of Sb/C electrodes due to a better composition of the SEI layer. 24,26,50 We demonstrate that not only the SEI of the Sb/C is stabilized but also the sodium metal reference and counter electrodes are protected towards side reactions with the electrolyte (ESI, Fig.
A number of candidate anode materials based on a sodium insertion host for SIBs have been intensively studied due to their low cost, nontoxicity, low operation voltage, low strain, and excellent cyclability. 19,21) Generally, titanium-based materials deliver low specific capacity due to the limitation of alkali-ion storage sites.
This high surface area of rape straw-derived HC could hinder their applicability for sodium-ion batteries as a low surface area is required to reduce the solid electrolyte interphase (SEI), and improve ICE. 20 Seven ML algorithms have been used in this study to predict the reversible capacities of AOPDHC as an electrode material.
Further analysis of the graphite crystallite structure before and aer phosphidation using high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM) illustrates that the interlayer spacing of graphite crystallites in 3 wt% P-HC (0.375-0.392 nm) is larger than that of the original hard carbon (0.356-0.378 nm) (Fig. 1f and S5b, SI).
Nb 5+ doping also modulates Na + occupancy in P2-type cathodes, favoring the Na e site with a lower ion diffusion energy barrier, a mechanism similarly observed with Sb 5+ doping, 42 where high-valence cation substitution induces coulombic repulsion, prompting Na + migration to Na e sites and potentially enhancing LT performance.
In order to study the relationship between the carbon structure and its storage behavior, this paper comprehensively analyzes the structural characteristics and sodium storage behavior of different carbon materials, discusses the possible electrochemical mechanism, and makes possible analysis of some existing controversial areas.
The sodium storage performance of the NFM cathode and interface chemistry were investigated in a widely used NaPF 6 salt and dual-solvent electrolyte system via electrochemical analysis, differential electrochemical mass spectrometry (DEMS), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), and density functional theory (DFT) calculations.
Bên cạnh đó, phổ tổng trở thực hiện sau các chu kì phóng khác nhau cho thấy lớp SEI hình thành và ổn định sau vài chu kì, điều này giúp đảm bảo được sự khuếch tán ion qua lớp SEI và quá trình chuyển điện tích trên bề mặt điện cực luôn được thuận lợi, duy trì tính thuận nghịch đan cài/phóng thích ion Na + cho điện cực hard carbon.
Tonnoir et al. found that the reversible capacity of non-graphitizing carbons decreases with increasing pyrolysis temperature from 1000 ℃ up to 2500 ℃ while Rios et al. suggested that hard carbons produced at low pyrolysis temperatures (below 1000 ℃) exhibit both lower reversible capacity (< 200 mAh g - 1 ) and lower ICE (< 50 %).
The parent Na3V2(PO4)3 NaSICON phase was prepared using a sol-gel (SG) method modified from a previously reported approach. 31 In a typical synthesis, 3 mmol vanadium(V) oxide and 9 mmol of oxalic acid dihydrate were first dissolved in 50 mL deionized water and stirred at room temperature until a translucent green solution formed.
Furthermore, in the high voltage range (> 4.0 V), the O3-type NaFe 0.2 Mn 0.4 Ni 0.4 O 2 undergo a different OP2 phase transformation with smaller interslab distance (5.13 Å) than the P3'' phase in NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 (5.72 Å), which effectively restrain co-insertion of the electrolyte solvent, leading improved cyclic performance.
Efforts to correlate the precursor choice, the material structure analysis to the storage mechanism, and the electrochemical performance in the sodium/potassium batteries were made to provide insights into how micro-spherical hard carbons can play a significant role in engineering an efficient anode material for Na + /K + storage.
A superior reversible specific capacity was obtained with TiO 2 @C (120 mA h g -1 at a C/20 rate, 3 rd cycle) compared to that with pristine TiO 2 (66.5 mA h g -1 at a C/20 rate, 3 rd cycle), in agreement with the importance of carbon coating addition to TiO 2 nanoparticles as negative electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries.
Raman spectroscopy provides qualitative information on the internal organization of the carbon and the degree of disorder (thorough ID/IG ratio), while TPD-MS provides quantitative information on the total number of active sites (comprising defects) present in the hard carbon structure by determining the active surface area (ASA).
Furthermore, this method can signicantly reduce the number of necessary experiments, optimize synthesis conditions, and even extract new insights from failed experiments, offering numerous advantages. 19 In this study, we constructed a database of the O3-type transition metal layered oxides synthesized and evaluated in our group.
The recent surge of research on Na-ion anode materials provided strong motivation for the study of alloy anode materials because of their high volumetric and gravimetric capacities compared to hard carbon. Nevertheless, relatively low sodiation/de-sodiation potentials or large volume expansions oppose their commercial application.
Preparation of anode slurry: Spherical hard carbon (Japan ATEC) and graphite (Jiangxi Zichen Technology Co., LTD.) were mixed at 0:10, 1:9, 3:7, 4:6 and 10:0 to form active materials, and then mixed with CMC and SBR according to the weight ratio of active material: CMC: SBR = 98:1:1 in deionized water to make a homogeneous slurry.
Keywords: sodium-ion batteries, cathode materials, Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 As an alternative strategy to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) recently have been paid increasing attention due to the low cost and the abundant reserves of sodium resource in the earth (Chen et al., 2018;Wu et al., 2018a,b;Ge et al., 2019).
The test cells were coin cells (CR2032) which were assembled in an Ar-filled glove box, using a sodium metal foil as the counter and reference electrode, 1 M NaClO 4 in ethylene carbonate-diethyl carbonate (DEC)fluoroethylene carbonate (1:1:0.02 in volume) and a glass fiber were used as the electrolyte and separator, respectively.
Hard carbons are effective at reversible sodium insertion, but their capacity is also limited, and therefore the use of a different type of carbon nanostructured electrodes has been addressed to solve this issue. 6, Tin (Sn), a member of the alloy family, surprisingly demonstrates a high capacity for both Liion and Na-ion systems.
To maximize the anodic charge storage capacity of Li-ion and Na-ion batteries (LIBs and SIBs, respectively), the conversion-alloying-type Sb 2 S 3 anode has attracted considerable interest because of its merits of a high theoretical capacity of 946 mAh g -1 and a suitable anodic lithiation/delithiation voltage window of 0.1-2 V vs.
Here we report the synthesis via ceramic methods of the high-performance Mn-rich Na 2.4 Al 0.4 Mn 2.6 O 7 oxygen-redox cathode material for Na-ion batteries, which we use as a testbed material to study the effects of Al substitution and subsequent Na excess in the high-capacity, anionic redox-based cathode material, Na 2 Mn 3 O 7 .
The additional signal belongs to the Na dendrites growing on the surface of the metal Na electrode. 41 Besides detecting inserted Na + ions and quasi-metallic clusters in the hard carbon, NMR spectroscopy also proved useful for studying dendrites on the metallic Na electrode surface and plating on the hard carbon electrode surface.
For the dimensioning of the battery cells, a specic spreadsheet calculator is developed based on the BatPac dimensioning tool by Argonne National Laboratories, 43 allowing to calculate the layout of different SIB and LIB cells according to their performance targets and the electrochemical characteristics of the employed materials.
• A hybrid structure of SnO 2 nanoflowers grown on N-doped carbon nanofibers (NC@SnO 2 ) was successfully constructed. • N-doped carbon nanofiber accelerates the migration of Li ? /Na ? ions and guides the growth of the SnO 2 nanoflowers. • NC@SnO 2 electrode reveals excellent energy storage performance for Li-and Na-ion batteries.
The composite delivered a capacity of 561 mA h g -1 at 200 mA g -1 , and retained a capacity retention ratio of 80.56% after 300 cycles in SIBs, showing great potential for lithium/sodium storage. 16 These defects are considered to enhance the conductivity of the cobalt oxide (CoO) component and, hence, the overall hybrid material.
In order to evaluate the performance of the LUMO-energy descriptor for the prediction of SIB cathode potentials, we collected experimentally measured redox data from the recent literature on quinone-based SIB cathode materials. The following criteria were applied to determine the inclusion of quinones in the calibration dataset: 1.
In addition, the anodization peak potential of SHC@rGO was lower than that of pure SHC, indicating that when graphene is added to the hard carbon material, lithium-ions are more easily deintercalated in the hard carbon material during the charge/discharge process, which will be beneficial to improve its electrochemical performance.
Since the intercalation of sodium ions into LT causes the redox mechanism of Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ coupling, we calculated the theoretical capacities as 210 mAh g -1 for Li-ILT, 189 mAh g -1 for Na-ILT, 172 mAh g -1 for K-ILT, and 112 mAh g -1 for Cs-ILT considering all materials with the formula of AM 1.07 Ti 1.73 O 4 (AM = Li, Na, K, Cs).
This Na-contained phase should not be the same as that formed by the discharge rate of 10 C, because broadened shoulders of the LTO peaks indicate inhomogeneous expansion of the LTO lattice due to locally varied Na-ion contents, quite differently from the definite Na-substituted phase with the larger lattice constant of a = 8.69 ¡.
In this work, looking at the galvanostatic cycling experiments, we assume that the low potential plateau is well correlated with the increase of closed porosity, that makes it possible the attribution of this low potential region to sodium sorption phenomena supposed as near-metal clustering of sodium ions inside of internal pores.
• S-doped porous carbons (SCs) derived from conjugated microporous polymers were synthesized for Na-ion batteries. • The SCs exhibited a high capacity of 440 mAh g -1 at 50 mA g -1 and excellent cycling performance. • Ex situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy was used to investigate the electrochemical reaction mechanism of the SCs.
The sodium molybdate dihydrate (Na 2 MoO 4 Á2H 2 O) precursor was synthesized via hydrothermal carbonization at 800 1C and resulted in porous carbon spheres (PCS) as shown in Fig. 8a. 108 The addition of molybdate dihydrate increased the surface area and pore diameter, and more micropores offered more active sites to store Na-ions.
The diffusion coefficient (D) of Na+ can be calculated according to the equation expressed as 26, zp=2.69 X 10 where n is the number of electrons per reaction species (1.0 for Na+), A is the area of electrode (about 1 cm2), D is the diffusion coefficient of Na+, C0 is the concentration of Na+ in the lattice (i.e., 0.0404 mol cm"3).
Hard carbon showed the significantly higher capacity of ∼300 mA h g -1 but with the shortcoming of low Coulombic efficiency , while multilayered graphene and its composites have been proved to be able to be used as anode but suffering from the weak binding of Na to the graphene sheet, resulting in Na clustering and dendrite growth .
Simulation of the EPR resonances of all the samples studied in this work led to the identification of either one or two signals with Lorentzian and Dysonian lineshapes, which corresponded to different electron mobility within the samples and thus, were attributed to different structural features in the hard carbon materials studied.
Besides, more articles also reported high-performance bilayered V 2 O 5 cathode for SIBs with controllable nanostructures, such as single-crystalline bilayered V 2 O 5 nanobelts, spongelike layered V 2 O 5 nanosheets. A large interlayer spacing (∼11.53 Å) of V 2 O 5 nanobelts can accommodate Na-ion intercalation and deintercalation.
Based on this result, a partial exchange of the protons of the hydroxide precursor for sodium ions is proposed with insertion of u sodium ions per formula unit: To investigate the structural changes during calcination in more detail, in-situ XRD patterns are collected during the calcination process in air and presented in Figure 4A.
The presence of BC 3 improves the electronic conductivity of the carbon layer. 66 The tting results of C 1s and B 1s further indicate the successful doping of N and B, resulting in more defects and active sites in the carbon layer, promoting the diffusion of sodium ions, and improving the electrochemical properties of the material.
Moreover, future work should investigate the recycling of SIBs and explore strategies to overcome the limited economic incentive of SIB recycling, which stems from their comparatively low metal value. 260 It can be concluded that SOTA SIBs show notably lower energy densities compared to LFP cells but already exhibit competitive CFs.
However, too much CeO 2 modication on the NCMO particle surface may suppress the migration of Fig. 3 FESEM images of NCMO-x wt% CeO 2 (x ¼ 0, 1.00, 2.00 and 3.00) composites, (a) x ¼ 0, (b) x ¼ 1.00, (c) x ¼ 2.00, (d) x ¼ 3.00. sodium ions to the interface, 37 which is unfavorable for the improvement of the kinetic characteristics.
This new type of cellulose-PAN-Al 2 O 3 composite separator presented multi-functional abilities with excellent thermal stability at 300 • C, a large sodium-ion transport number (t + Na = 0.78), improved ionic conductivity of electrolyte soaked in separator (0.751 mS cm -1 ), and HF scavenging ability during electrochemical cycling.
This study shows that this material can also perform as a negative electrode for Na-ion batteries (SIBs), demonstrating that a suitable electrode formulation allows an exceptional performance, i.e., a stable specific capacity of 1000 mA h g -1 after 50 cycles, much higher than that of hard-carbon-based anodes currently used in SIBs.
A series of hard carbons was prepared by hydrothermal carbonisation (HTC) 58 of glucose (denoted GHTC), followed by pyrolysis at different temperatures (1000 1C, 1300 1C, 1500 1C, 1700 1C, 1900 1C) to remove heteroatom defects, introduce conductivity, and tune porosity, yielding the five samples G1000, G1300, G1500, G1700 and G1900.
Thus, the SIB electrolyte has an important influence on the thermodynamic and kinetic properties of the SIB system, such as the structural stability of the electrode material, the composition and structure of solid electrolyte interphase (SEI), the multiplicative performance, cycling stability, and thermal stability of the battery .
To discuss the electrochemical activity of the mentioned transition metal, a binary system is considered in which half of the transition metal sites are replaced with Zr having d 0 configuration and no electrochemical activity within the cycled voltage window, which stabilizes the 2+ state of metal ions within the NASICON framework.
With the synergistic effect of surface coating and CNTs compositing, the sample presents a discharge capacity of 203 mA h g À1 at 0.1C, retains 97% in 100 cycles, and improves the rate performance from 23 to 116 mA h g À1 at 2C, suggesting a highly efficient and easily scale-up approach to elevate hard carbons as the anode for SIBs.
This mode is inactive in full graphite, but it can be activated by structural disorders, defects, or heteroatom impurities. 39,48 Proportional strong D bands show that the HC-1000, HC-1250, and OP-1250 °C samples have numerous structural defects, which are considered to be signicant sites for sodium storage in the carbon structure.
The van der Waals interactions (DFT-D3) were considered in all calculations to correct the long-range interactions between interlayers. 32 To discuss the intercalation and diffusion performance of sodium ions in CrN 2 , a 4 × 4 × 1 supercell consisting of 32 Cr atoms and 64-N atoms was used, and a 3 × 3 × 3 K-point grid was adopted.
And the Na + storage mechanisms with WS 2 in a Na-ion battery can be described by the following equations: The reduction peaks in the first cycle are replaced by new weak broad peaks in the potential range from 1.2 to 2.1 V, which could be ascribed to the multistep conversion of S with Na + to the formation of Na x WS 2 and Na 2 S .
We adopted the three-electrode cell configuration with a sodium metal reference electrode in order to evaluate the charge-discharge behaviors of both the positive and negative electrodes separately, and discussed the effect of the sodium-ion concentration on the rate capability of the sodium-ion full cells in the ionic liquids Na S1.
To estimate the standing of our graphite||Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 (anode||cathode) full cell, we summarized the electrochemical performance of recently reported full cell configurations in terms of sodium storage capacity, output voltage, cycle life, specific energy densities, and power densities in Fig. 4e, f and Supplementary Table 2.
The superior sodium storage performance of is due to the synergistic effect of presence and distribution of ZMO nanoparticles which are widely decorated on the NG sheets, which in turn can effectively accommodate sodium as well as offer the required cushioning effect against the strain caused due to repeated charge/discharge process.
Due to high intrinsic surface area, open pore structure and conductivity of MOFDCs leads to high capacitance of 271 F/g and 272 F/g for MOF5-derived carbon (MOF5DC) and ZIF8-derived carbon (ZIF8DC), respectively .The hybrid metal organic frame work is being synthesized for the high performance anode materials in sodium ion batteries.
Furthermore, sodium's lack of reactivity with aluminum under standard operating conditions allows for the exclusive use of aluminum as the current collector, simplifying material requirements and further reducing costs. 166,268,269 The Fig. 15(c) shows the cost breakdown of each cell component in sodium-ion and lithium-ion batteries.
The cost of the raw materials of LIBs, and the fact that lithium is limited in supply and unevenly distributed throughout the globe raises challenges for applications of LIBs in stationary storage and large scale mobile transport areas such as ships. 1-3 Sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) replace lithium with much more Earthabundant sodium.
The effect of pore size on sodium incorporation in hard carbon was probed in a previous publication. 51 To study the effect of different interlayer spacing on the sodium incorporation and migration, the sodium binding energy in the bi-layer graphitic layers with different d 002 was calculated (see supporting information for details).
Our group developed a porous conducting matrix confining defect-rich CoSe 0.5 S 1.5 composite, the defect manufacturing strategy effectively optimizes charge distribution and electrochemical activity, the prepared CoSe 0.5 S 1.5 /GA anode could possess superior rate performance 288.2 mAh g -1 at 5 A g -1 -based sodium-ion capacitor .
Based on this electrolyte, an ASIB full cell using carbon coated Na 2.85 K 0.15 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 small particles (NKVP-SP-C) and NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NTP) as the cathode and anode materials, respectively, can afford the discharge capacity and energy density of 52 mA h g À1 and 51 W h kg À1 , respectively, at a current density of 1 A g À1 .
In this work, we have demonstrated how an integrated computational and experimental effort can significantly accelerate such multi-component, multi-property optimization, resulting in a promising new t-Na 2.93 75 PS 3.9375 Cl 0.0625 solid electrolyte that has been demonstrated in a full ss-SIB cell with good cyclability and capacity.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered an up-andcoming alternative as affordable electrochemical energy storage systems for their similar operation principle to the LIBs combined with lower procurement expenses. Still, SIBs are not yet mature enough to replace LIBs commercially due to the elusiveness of the underlying components.
The research on Na-ion batteries has gradually declined due to the successful commercialization of Li-ion batteries, while in recent years, scientists have been looking for new batteries that can replace Li-ion batteries, and Na-ion batteries have returned to people's vision, becoming an important breakthrough to solve this problem .
The flame-retardant gel electrolyte (FRGE) in sodium-ion batteries, composed of fully fluorinated electrolytes (FEC, FEMC), high-concentration phosphate ester (TFEP), and crosslinked gel components (DVP, PETEA), significantly enhances thermal stability in layered oxide cathode cells (especially NCFM-Nickel-Cobalt-Fluoride-Manganese).
It reveals that three reduction peaks appearing at about 0.01 V, 0.46 V (disappearing in the subsequent cycles), and 1.07 V are assigned to Na + insertion into the graphene layers, 54 the formation of SEI layers (decomposition of electrolyte) and the insertion of sodium ions into MoS 2 in the initial cathodic scan, 33,55 respectively.
The electrochemical characterization of the synthesized cathode material was performed with a loading amount of 12 mg/cm 2 , with platinum as the counter electrode and a saturated calomel electrode as the reference electrode with a polypropylene separator in different Frontiers in Chemistry frontiersin.org aqueous sodium electrolytes.
Keywords: Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , microspheres, reduced graphene oxide, amorphous carbon, sodium ion batteries With the exhaustion of the traditional resources and the increasing environmental problems, researchers expect to develop new clean energy and related storage systems (Xiao et al., 2015;Yang et al., 2016;Luo et al., 2017;Yang Z.
Otherwise, the apparent diffusion coefficients (D) of sodium ions through the structure can be also determined from the impedance spectra by applying the next equation: In which T is the absolute temperature, R is the gas constant (8.314 J K -1 mol -1 ), A is the geometrical electrode area (0.64 cm 2 ) and F is the Faraday's constant.
For instance, sodium ion batteries (SIBs) can be a sustainable alternative to LIBs due to the low cost and earth abundance of sodium, as well as their electrochemical properties that are comparable to that of LIBs. In this regard, numerous efforts have been made to develop new efficient components (electrode and electrolyte) for SIBs.
However, on the anode side, graphite does not provide sufficient performance due to the different physicochemical properties of sodium with respect to lithium, hindering the formation of a stable carbon-sodium intercalation compound. 5 As a result, research on alternative high-performance anode materials has significantly intensified.
As Liao et al. pointed out, NaFePO4 is an ideal positive electrode material owing to its ability to deliver stable performance at a relatively low cost The main principle of choosing an anode material is to focus on its ability to restrict the volume change of electrodes so that the structure of an SIB is stable enough for the cycles.
Ghimbeu's team noted that for the same pyrolysis temperature (i.e., 1400 °C), the existence of heteroatoms in the structure of hard carbon precursors (e.g., N, S) leads to higher ASA values (i.e., 21.8 m 2 g -1 for TCA phenolic resin), in contrast to precursors that include only oxygen (i.e., 3.3 m 2 g -1 phenolic resin spheres) 180 .
Glass anode • Na-ion batteries • Ball milling • Electro chemical analysis * Balaji Rao Ravuri In the recent years, Na-ion battery technology has been proven to be a possible alternative to Li-ion battery technology for large-scale grid storage with further development due to its significant advantages such as cost, natural abundance .
Generally, the degree of graphitization can be evaluated by the integral area ratio of A D1 /A G . 15 The A D1 /A G was increased slightly from 1.006 (HC) to 1.064 (PHC-0.4) when the P-doped content was increased from 0 to 0.32 at% (Table 1), indicating that the microstructure of hard carbon tends to be more disordered to some extent.
Finally, in the quest of most promising cathode materials for the next generation of NIBs, we overlay an extensive perspective on the main fi ndings in design and test of more than 295 reports in the past 10 years, exhibiting that layered oxides, Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) and polyanions are leading candidates for cathode materials.
The never-ending increase in electricity demand and electrical energy storage (wind and solar photovoltaic power) is likely to drive a large part of the sodium-ion market (the projected stationary storage demand for solar and wind renewable energy by 2030 accounts for 50% of the total electricity generation in several countries) 334 .
The rate capability of the entropy-tuned Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.23 -Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 and the non-entropy-tuned NaMNO 2 were further evaluated at various charge/discharge rates from 0.1 C to 10 C (both materials are tested using a Na metal anode in coin cell configuration, 1 C = 120 mA g -1 , Fig. 4d and Supplementary Fig. 9).
This fact confirms that the incorporation of N-doped carbon can preserve the high conductivity of the WS 2 /NC composite electrode and greatly enhance rapid electron transport during the electrochemical sodium insertion/extraction reaction, resulting in significant enhancement in the electrochemical performances (Chang and Chen, 2011).
More recently, Kim et al. reported Na 7 V 3 (P 2 O 7 ) 4 as a 4V cathode material for Na-ion battery. 23 This compound retains an impressive relative capacity of ca. 80% even at 10C cycling rate and seems to have a second plateau of the relative capacity above this value, so that the fit yields the extraordinary value of W E 141 h À1 .
Therefore, the complete solid-solution reaction is not always the necessities to achieve high rate performance for P2-type layered cathodes. (IV) The relatively high Na content (0.78) enables the crystal structure to remain tight at the Na deficient status, which also benefits the fast Na + (de)intercalation at the Na-deficient status.
Unlike the LIB materials with O3 structure, the SIB materials include both O3 and P2 structures ("P" and "O" stand for the Na-ion occupations on trigonal prismatic and octahedral sites, respectively). Conventional wisdom believed that extra Li doped in the transition metal (TM) layer of these materials triggers oxygen redox activities.
It should be noted that numerous publications on electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries do not contain information about batteries as whole, that is, about the compatibility of the materials of opposite electrodes (unlike publications on active materials for lithium-ion batteries, where this information is provided and analyzed).
However, the peak positions of both NASICON phases slightly dri as Li-ion intercalation proceeds, similar to LiVOPO 4 and Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 cathodes. 54,55 The XRD pattern collected at the end of 1.5 V shows anisotropic lattice parameter Na + /Na 0 (for Dx = 0.2 Na + ), which is followed by a sloping voltage curve until 1.2 V vs.
From a structural point of view, Stevens and Dahn described the hard carbons as a combination of pseudo-graphitic sp 2 hybridized nanodomains (2 to 3 graphene layers according to the "house of cards" model 284 , up to 5 layers according to other literature 46,202 ) and sp 3 hybridized amorphous regions (vacancies, Stone-Wales defects).
The sodium storage mechanism of TiO 2 -based anode materials is not well understood and still under debate. 44,50 In order to understand the outstanding electrochemical performance of the TiO 2 -G hybrid and clearly unravel its sodium storage mechanism to devise better TiO 2 anodes, we carried out in-situ and ex-situ characterizations.
In contrast to the P3-type Na 0.6 Li 0.2 Mn 0.8 O 2 , 24 where the initial discharge curve is a flat plateau with very small voltage hysteresis, the discharge curve of the present P3-type Na 2/3 Mg 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 is a slope-like curve with relatively large voltage hysteresis, similar to that of the P2-type Na 0.67 Mg 0.28 Mn 0.72 O 2 .
CR2032 coin cells were modified with polymer windows and were loaded with a cathode electrode (active material: SuperP: PVDF weight ratio 90:5:5; active material loading ~14 mg cm -2 ), 150 µl electrolyte (1M NaPF 6 in PC + 5% FEC), two layers of glass fiber separator (GFA, Whatman) and a sodium metal counter electrode (Acros Organics).
LiCoPO 4 and NaFePO 4 synthesized through microwave-assisted synthesis were effectively used as electrode material and supercapacitors (Kreder et al., 2015;Zhu et al., 2013;Fang et al., 2015;Boddula et al., 2018;Bolagam et al., 2018;Fang et al., 2018;Fang et al., 2017;Jahne et al., 2013;Li et al., 2022;Lu et al., 2015;Qiu et al., 2021).
To investigate the cathode's practical application potential, a full cell was constructed pairing NaNCMMT as the cathode with hard carbon (HC) as the anode. 68 Fig. 5e illustrates schematically the operation of the full battery, and Fig. 5f presents the independent voltage distributions of the HC anode and NaNCMMT cathode in half-cells.
Besides, there are heteroatoms including nitrogen, oxygen, sulfur, boron, potassium, etc in natural biomass, which play a complicated role in the properties of hard carbon derived from biomass, where biomass-derived hard carbon has received much attention due to the demand for green and sustainable electrode materials in energy storage.
Polyanionic compounds, especially NASICON-type materials, are leading candidates due to their robust 3D frameworks enabling fast Na + transport even under extreme cold; their performance is further enhanced by composite modifications like surface coatings, nanosizing, and doping, which boost conductivity preserving structural integrity.
In the current study, a Y-tube assisted coprecipitation method was used to synthesize iron-based Prussian blue analogues, and the optimized feed flow rate during synthesis contributed to the successful preparation of the material with a formula of Na 1.56 Fe [Fe(CN) 6 ] 0.90 , 0.10 $2.42H 2 O, representing a low-defect cathode material.
The formed matrix is capable of conducting Na-ions, and together with the active nanoparticles, which have high electronic conductivity, they secure a bi-continuous network beneficial for the electronand Na + -transport that translates into enhanced performance at high cycling rates (Kim et al., 2016;Durai et al., 2017;Lu et al., 2019).
A Na-ion half-cell was constructed under dry air conditions (À80 1C d. p.) using an IEC R2032 coin-type cell with the LTO electrode (as the positive electrode), Na metal (as the negative electrode), and an electrolyte of 1 M NaPF 6 dissolved in a solvent of EC-DEC (EC/DEC = 1), where EC is ethylene carbonate and DEC is diethylcarbonate.
Although sub-nanometer voids or defects in hard carbon have been considered as promising storage sites for sodium ions in SIBs, the relationships between the structure of the hard carbon and the electrochemical performance, such as discharge capacity, first-cycle Coulombic efficiency, cycle ability, and rate performance, remain unclear.
Benefiting from the improved conductivity, the protection of the PPy coating and ClO 4 À doping, ZnS@d-PPy exhibits decent cycling performance (419 mA h g À1 after 30 cycles at 100 mA g À1 ) and superior rate capability (203 mA h g À1 at 4 A g À1 ), which is enhanced by pseudocapacitance when being applied in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
First, the obtained 3D porous framework of N-doped graphene aerogel can provide sufficient interstitial space and more electrochemical active sites for sodium ion reaction and storage, increase the surface area for the contact between active material of electrode and electrolyte, as well as shorten the diffusion distance for sodium ions.
The C 1s spectra shows the peaks corresponding to the sp 2 C-C bonds of the turbostatic graphene layers in hard carbon (284.5 eV), sp 3 C-C bonds of hard carbon, and of the carbon black additive (285.0 eV), C-O (286.2 eV, pale orange peak) and OQC-O (289.2 eV, magenta peak) in sodium or organic alkyl carbonates (Na(R)-O-(CQO)-O-CH 2 -R).
According to literature, the sloping zone corresponds to sodium ion adsorption on defects, edges and surface, while plateau zone relates to sodium ion insertion into graphene-like sheets. 45,46 At 0.1 V plateau, side reactions, such as sodium plating at close to 0 V, possibly happen, and may result the rapid decay of reversible capacity.
This mainly originates from the lower resistance for sodium-ion diffusion in the surface layer of the sodium metal counter electrode at higher temperatures. 26 Based on the above results, a capacity of 250 mAh (g-HC) ¹1 is adopted as the standard practical capacity of HC for the calculation of the N/P ratios in the HC/NaCrO 2 full cells.
The EIS of the NASICON electrolytes was measured at 40-100 °C, and the Na + activation energy of the electrolyte was obtained according to the following equation: where E a is the activation energy, σ is the ionic conductivity of the measured electrolyte, A is the pre-exponential factor (S cm -1 K), and T is the absolute temperature (K).
To further enhance the sodium storage performances of carbonaceous anodes, porous structure constructing and heteroatom doping represent efficient approaches to provide high transportation pathways for electrons/ions, optimize the electronic architecture, and modify the charge distribution in the carbonaceous skeleton (Li et al., 2019b).
The self-template synthesis method is a special branch of the hard template synthesis method, in which the precursor is used as the template and no additive is needed. 9 In this study, we synthesize the hollow-structured Prussian blue by using the precursor as the self-template, etching agent and surfactants, without any other additives.
The as-prepared product was washed and filtered with deionized water, and dried at 100 °C for 10 h, to obtain the M1 sample. 1 g NaMnO 4 solution (40 wt%, Aldrich) and 2 mL acetic acid (≥99.8%, Aldrich) were added to 40 mL deionized water, and subsequently transferred into a 50 mL Teflon-lined stainless steel autoclave at 80 °C for 12 h.
Besides, the superior electrochemical sodium storage performance of as-prepared Fe 7 S 8 / FeS 2 /NCNT can be also confirmed through the comparison with other related studies (Table S1), from where the target Fe 7 S 8 /FeS 2 /NCNT shows excellent sodium storage, mainly resulting from the heterostructure design and combination with NCNT .
As shown in Figure 1a, using carbonate precursors, the synthesis of the layered oxide is triggered around 400°C, as evidenced by the growing of a (00l) Bragg peak located at 2θ=15.64°, and really engaged at 500°C, as indicated by the identification of the full set of Bragg peaks characteristics of the P3-type structure (space group R3m).
Then the net loading of PPL in C4Q cathode is around 0.6-0.8 mg cm -2 this is supported by fig. 6. of c & d, the pore size becomes smaller and surface area becomes smoothen on immobilization .The polyanionicanthraquinones are the latest and redox active organic cathode which are insoluble in the sodium ion batteries, with two Na-O bonds.
Cross-sections were prepared by breaking the NaSICON pellets inside of an Ar-filled glovebox using a homemade ring-on-ring bending apparatus designed according to ASTM C1499. 62 This process ensured that the tested pellets broke at their mechanically weakest point, which we believe would likely be due to localized Na dendrite penetration.
In this case, although a detailed screening of a large set of different cathode active materials (CAM) for SIB regarding their cost, criticality and carbon footprint is available in a recent work, 8 there is still a lack of methodologies for the early-stage screening of the hazards and toxicity aspects of CAM and their related precursors.
It is worth noting that the specific energy density of current graphite-based full cell is lower than the widely studied hard carbon-based full cell, for example, 210 Wh kg -1 for hard carbon||Na 0.9 [Cu 0.22 Fe 0.3 Mn 0.48 ]O 2 48 , due to the larger Na storage capacity in hard carbon than that in graphite with co-intercalation reaction.
Further, while the conventionally synthesized particles would have sodium ions preferably reside at the particle surface (due to more accessible Na + source at the surface), the nickel-rich core of the core-shell material is more receptive to sodiation than the manganese-rich surface area, resulting in a Na-rich center and Na-poor shell .
The results provide complementary supports to the recent mechanism of high covalency of the TMs leading to the substantial increases the oxygen density near the Fermi level and triggering the oxygen redox of P2structured Na2/3Mn2/3Ni1/3O2. It also suggests that it is not universally applicable to use Li for the activation of oxygen redox.
In cases where the redox reaction of the electroactive species mostly depends on diffusion, the concentration of sodium ions at the electrode-electrolyte interface typically varies with time. 41 To further understand the sodium storage kinetics, we analyzed the relationship between the current and scan rate using CV at various scan rates.
However, conned by its limited storage capacity (372 mA h g À1 ) and low rate performance, graphite cannot satisfy the urgent demand for high-performance LIBs. 7,8 In consideration of the cost of electrochemical energy storage systems, sodium ion batteries (NIBs), which use sodium as the counter electrode, have attracted great attention.
Furthermore, the Na-ion diffusion coefficient ( D Na + ) values were calculated from Fig. 7d using the following equation : where D Na + is the Na-ion diffusion coefficient, R is the gas constant, T is the temperature, A is the electrode area, C is the Na-ion concentration, F is the Faraday constant, and W is the Warburg impedance factor.
A rapid capacity decay for NMO in Na cell (Fig. 3b) should be derived from the particle strain caused by Na/vacancy ordering and the distortion of the lattice, analogous to OB3-NaMnO 2 . 25 When transferring NMO directly into the Li cell, we observed much better cycling performance, achieving 100 cycles with about 60 % capacity retention.
These problems may arise from an inherent characteristic of sodium, that sodium-ions (1.02 Å) are nearly twice as large as lithium-ions (0.59 Å) and the large size causes a greater change in the host structure upon insertion and de-insertion, which results in a massive failure in cyclic stability in all tested anode materials till date 5 .
A low specic surface area helps reduce irreversible reactions with the electrolyte, thereby enhancing the ICE. 31 Meanwhile, the characteristics of the closed-pore structure determine whether sodium ions can access the internal regions of the material and participate in electrochemical reactions, thus contributing to the overall capacity.
Although other (electronically insulating) NASICON variants such as Na 3 Zr 2 (SiO 4 ) 2 (PO 4 ) have exhibited much lower activation energy of 0.2-0.35 eV, the moderate barrier in Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (0.39 eV) coupled with the robust 3D pathway with numerous built-in vacancies justify a high rate capability of this compound (W E 95 h À1 ).
Additionally, the coulombic efficiency remained nearly 100% with slight variation throughout the cycle-life studies, indicative of side reactions and the dynamic nature of charge storage of lithium and sodium ions through surface adsorption and redox reactions rather than well-defined intercalation mechanisms for the TPEHBZ-ThBS CMP anode.
With the inherent advantages of MoO 2.0 N 0.5 atomic nanoclusters and the unique physicochemical characteristic of the three-dimensional hybrid host, the MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC anode empowers with both prolonged lifespan and enhanced rate capability, which satisfies the requirement of anode materials for the commercialization of sodium storage.
Reaction layers of reduced NaSICON have previously been observed and should have lower conductivity than the pristine NaSICON, leading to a slight increase in resistance. 63 Most intervals showed similar and typical behavior of a solid electrolyte symmetric cell, with quickly decaying overpotential after the initial application of current.
In these regards, carbon nitride (CN) is a promising material for articial interphase due to its low electrical conductivity, high thermal stability, and ionic conductivity, as previously reported. Moreover, CN itself is not an active material for sodium storage, 32 making it an even better candidate to be employed as a passivation layer.
Overall, the detailed (iii) Mn + 0.5Na 2 S + 0.5Na 2 Se → MnS 0.5 Se 0.5 + 2Na + + 2 e - Due to its well-designed nanostructure, excellent sodium storage reversibility, and high defect concentration, the carbon nanofiber-encapsulated porous nanocube MnS 0.5 Se 0.5 @N-CNF nanocomposite is expected to exhibit outstanding performance in SIBs.
Moderately rough pore walls are conducive to the formation of a more uniform and stable SEI layer and offer additional interfacial active sites, thereby reducing interfacial resistance and facilitating coupled electron/ion transport. 37 To investigate the sodium-ion diffusion behavior of the hard carbon materials, GITT tests are conducted.
• Nitrogen-doped TiO 2 -C composite nanofibers (TiO 2 /N-C NFs) are fabricated using green, inexpensive urea as a nitrogen source and pore-forming agent. • X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy results reveal changes in the content of different nitrogen species in detail. • The TiO 2 /N-C NFs anode exhibits excellent sodium storage performance.
Early work proposed a Na-ion storage mechanism that followed that for Li, where storage during the sloping region in the sodiation profile is attributed to intercalation of Na-ions into turbostratic nanodomains, and the capacity from the low-potential plateau is attributed to nano-plating inside the enclosed micropores between the domains.
However, the continuing capacity fade and voltage hysteresis over 80 cycles cannot be ignored, which may be ascribed to the irreversible loss of alkali ions from the cathode due to the crystal structure destruction stems from the escape of oxygen. The initial five CV curves of the Na0.6Li0.11Fe0.27Mn0.62O2 electrode are shown in Figure 2c.
Moreover, NaI domains with polarizable iodide ions were uniformly dispersed in the composites and affected sodium-ion conduction, as reported in the literature. 18 The previously reported Na 3 SbS 4 •NaI composites 18,19 were prepared by a liquid-phase process in which Na 3 SbS 4 and NaI were dissolved in methanol, stirred, and then dried.
Such capacity improvements increase the energy density by 30% between C/P2-Na 0.67 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 and C/P 0 2-Na 1 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 Na-ion cells, and by an additional of 7% using P 0 2-Na 1 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 /Na 3 P composites rather than solely P 0 2-Na 1 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 powders as positive electrodes (Supplementary Note 4).
The reason is that, on one hand, the high-rate instinct of hard carbon promote the kinetics of the entire powder system and on the other hand, the small particles of hard carbons fill into the graphite voids to support the entire powder system, forming a uniform porous electrode structure, reducing the tortuosity of the conductive network.
The shape of the 5 th sodiation-desodiation cycle (Fig. 6b) conrms that the plateau forms a large part of both sodiation and desodiation curves and that it is more reasonable to choose a capacity limit than a voltage limit for cycling because then the signicant contribution of reversible sodium storage capacity below 0 V can be utilized.
This can be due to several factors such as (i) less advancement in design and structure of the sodium cathode materials, (ii) more sensitivity of the cathode materials to moisture and carbonates which results in more limitations in preparing and handling of the cathode materials, and (iii) limited electrolyte study and development in NIBs.
We compare the Na-ion storage capability of the material in this work with that from previous studies based on five parameters (Fig. 2e and Supplementary Table 7): cycle number, Coulombic efficiency, specific capacity, average discharge voltage, and specific energy, which demonstrate a well-rounded electrochemical performance for our ASIB.
Consequently, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which share similar working mechanisms and cell congurations to LIBs but utilize abundant and low-cost sodium resources, present a potential solution for EESs. To improve the comprehensive performance of SIBs, substantial efforts have been dedicated to key materials, especially cathode materials.
We believe that this work could pave the way for the real application of Prussian blue materials in sodium-ion batteries. wing to the low-cost and natural abundance of sodium, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered as an alternative to lithium-ion batteries, which is expected to be utilized for gird-scale energy storage in the future .
The first sodium fluoropyrophosphate Na-ion battery cathode material with an open three-dimensional framework, Na 4 NiP 2 O 7 F 2 (SG: Imma), was reported by Kundu et al. 68 and found to have a high average voltage of ca. 5 V although only the Ni 2+/3+ redox couple could be activated limiting the theoretical capacity to about 75 mA h g À1 .
This structural transformation, despite the preservation of a low overall surface area, leads to the formation of more accessible internal structures and provides additional sodium storage sites. 34,38,39 Fig. 5(a) and (b) show the galvanostatic charge/discharge proles of the PNHC and NPNHC anodes at a current density of 30 mA g -1 (0.1C).
Several lithium storage studies have indicated that the hysteresis may have arisen from the different paths of the insertion/deinsertion reactions, the interfacial thermodynamics or even due to the mobility of the species during phase transformation. 8 These might be helpful for understanding hysteresis in their sodium storage applications.
These results show that the HC-1250 °C electrode has a remarkable high performance, underline the importance of the chemical activation step and the carbonization temperature in the process to produce hard carbon derived from olive pomace, and are in good agreement with the porous structure and active sites in the resulting carbon material.
A plateau in the intensity variation was observed at 0.1 Å -1 , which was attributed to the presence of closed pores within the carbon structure. 24,25 In this region, the scattering intensity of the original hard carbon is notably higher than that of the 3 wt% P-HC, indicating that the original hard carbon contains additional closed pores.
From Fig. 5e, it can be seen that all the energy barriers for Na + ion diffusion are lower than 0.9 eV, which are all possible diffusion pathways in the presented crystal structure, providing solid evidence for this newly recognized NASICON-type structure with 3D diffusion pathways or tunnels in this Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 ) material.
At low temperatures (o200 1C), HMF undergoes condensation polymerization, leading to complex polymer structures. 15 Increasing the temperature further causes the thermal condensation of the polymer accompanied by the release of C + , C x H y + , CO + , O 2 + , and CO 2 + groups around 550 1C, eventually forming a hard carbon structure (Fig.
Enabling long-cycling aqueous sodium-ion batteries via Mn dissolution inhibition using sodium ferrocyanide electrolyte additive Zhaoheng Liang 1 , Fei Tian 1 , Gongzheng Yang 1 & Chengxin Wang 1,2 Aqueous sodium-ion batteries (AIBs) are promising candidates for large-scale energy storage due to their safe operational properties and low cost.
In half cells, sodium metal was used as the counter electrode, and cathode were obtained by coating a mixed slurry (active materials: super p: carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC) = 7: 2: 1 in weight ratio) in water onto aluminum foil and dried in a vacuum oven at 80 °C for 12 h, yielding electrodes with controlled mass loadings of 1-1.5 mg cm⁻ 2 .
Among NASICONs, Na 3 V 2 O 2x (PO 4 ) 2 F 3À2x (0 # x # 1) solid solutions have demonstrated high energy densities of $350 W h kg À1 . 3,4 Na 3 V 2 O 2x (PO 4 ) 2 F 3À2x can be synthesized using various methods, including solid state reactions from VPO 4 and VOPO 4 precursors, and carbothermal, 8,9 sol-gel, 10 and spray-drying 11 techniques.
This is often known as Hongtype NASICON and was pioneered by the early work by Hong and Goodenough , and the reported conductivity via the most common conventional solid-state sintered method ranges from 9.2 9 10 -5 to 1.2 9 10 -3 S cm -1 with variance due to different densities and microstructures due to the different processing conditions.
In this study, by analyzing the composition and structure of the material after a different number of cycles, we confirmed that the plane shows a significant expansion of the interlayer spacing after the sodium ion insertion process and a phase transformation from the hexagonal phase MoS 2 (2H-MoS 2 ) to the trigonal phase MoS 2 (1T-MoS 2 ).
However, for O3-type cathodes, achieving good cyclability, especially at high voltages, remains challenging, mainly due to detrimental phase transitions caused by an interlayer slip in deep desodiation states, lattice oxygen loss induced by anionic redox reactions, and microcracks formed by anisotropic changes in the lattice parameters 6,7 .
In this study, we investigated the sodium storage mechanism in a carbon system that follows the "house of cards" model, revealing that the slope/ plateau-region capacity is predominantly independent of nanopore distribution or surface area, relying instead on intrinsic micro-/meso-structural characteristics through a layer-filling mechanism.
A meaningful assessment of the use-phase requires the denition of an application case, determining the use prole and thus the requirements for the battery. 2 Being SIB suited particularly for the stationary sector, 53 a 1 MWh stationary system for load shiing services is considered, providing two full cycle equivalents per day on average.
Since linear polystyrene decomposes completely during carbonization, it can form open and closed voids in HCs, thus contributing to an increase in porosity. 34 In this work, polystyrene template particles are applied in order to modify the secondary pore structure and by that the electrochemical properties of HCs for SIB negative electrodes.
By contrast, Ca 2+ pillars have been adopted in P2-type Na x CoO 2 and some O3-type cathode materials, resulting in signicant enhancements in cycling and rate performance with the use of a simple preparation method. In this work, we dope two kinds of alkaline earth elements, i.e., Mg 2+ and Ca 2+ , into P2-type Na 0.67 Ni 0.33 Mn 0.67 O 2 .
Hard carbon is assumed to be obtained from petroleum coke, and signicant SO 2 emissions are accounted for its production in the underlying publication. 19 If these emissions were abated efficiently, the SIB would achieve results comparable to or even below that of the LiFP, which shows the most favourable results (0.33 mol H + eq. per kWh).
Zhao et al. applied the concept of high entropy and constructed NASICON-type Na 3 VAl 0.2 Cr 0.2 Fe 0.2 In 0.2 Ga 0.2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVMP) as a cathode material for SIBs (Fig. 8a andb). 65 A highly reversible V 4+ /V 5+ redox reaction and structural evolution with a volume change of 1.1% during the charge/discharge process were realized in NVMP.
Moreover, ferromanganese-based Prussian blue analogs (PBAs), with inherent sodium-rich content, high capacity, and high operating voltage, are employed as a sodium source to construct PBAs/NMT-10 composite cathodes with unsodiated hard carbon anodes for full cells, and the feasibility of scaling this approach was demonstrated in pouch cells.
Particularly, the NASICON compounds proposed by Hong and Goodenough et al. , which have the formula of Na 1+x Zr 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 (0 ≤ x ≤ 3), exhibit Na + ionic conductivities in the order of 10 -4 S•cm -1 and have wide electrochemical windows; these properties make them suitable for use as the solid electrolytes in the Na-based batteries.
While Hf-containing NaSICONs have previously been synthesized and shown to conduct Na + , their chemical stability is relatively unexplored. Here we explicitly compare the alkaline aqueous stability of NHP to its Zr-based analogue, NaZr 2 P 3 O 12 (NZP), interrogating the material with highly alkaline NaOH, LiOH, KOH, and CsOH aqueous media.
This is further supported by the dimensions and spatial locations of these columns, as they are small e.g. the smallest column observed in Fig. 6(iii) is ∼6 μm wide, which would cover the grain boundaries residing in the NASICON as seen in Fig S10,† and are in the vicinity of the sodium transport columns, or in tandem for certain cases (Fig.
Therefore the present Nacontained spinel phase should be a newly found one, and completely different from the Na-contained phases and any other Na-doped LTO phase as previously reported. 18, In the XRD pattern of this sample, the 220 diffraction peak is more clearly observed for the new Na-contained phase than the other Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 phase.
Yolk-shell (YS) structured nanomaterials have been veried as a promising strategy toward improving sodium storage. 33 YS nanostructures contain unique large interior void space and short diffusion pathway, which can mitigate the aggregation of active materials and handle the problems of volume change, thus improving the performance of SIBs.
A proof-of-concept SIB full cell was constructed by integrating the P2-NFMO-CoMgLi with a hard carbon anode (P2-NFMO-CoMgLi//HC, Fig. 4a), employing a 1 : 1 cathode-to-anode mass ratio based on the cathode's discharge capacity of 178 mA h g -1 (20 mA g -1 ) and the anode's reversible capacity of 185 mA h g -1 (50 mA g -1 , Fig. 4b and S9 †).
Renewable biomass-derived carbon materials have attracted increasing research attention as promising electrode materials for electrochemical energy storage devices, such as sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), due to their outstanding electrical conductivity, hierarchical porous structure, intrinsic heteroatom doping, and environmental friendliness.
We further studied electrochemical Rb insertion into so carbon (SC) and hard carbon (HC), also known as 'graphitizable carbon' and 'non-graphitizable carbon,' respectively, because these carbon materials show high redox activity as Li, Na, or K insertion hosts. 17,60,61 The XRD patterns and SEM images of the SC and HC are shown in Fig. 6a-c.
The appearance of τ 2 /τ 3 suggests that Na0.55 and Na1 have generated CEI in the first cycle, and the gradual decrease in the impedance of the CEI layer to Na + transport in the middle and at the end of the charging process suggests that partial decomposition of the CEI occurs at high potentials and recovers during the discharge process 32 .
On the other hand, a marked increase in the intensity of the C-O (286.2 eV) environment is observed, consistent with the formation of RCH 2 ONa from EC and/or DEC reduction. 82,86,89 It has been suggested that RCH 2 ONa species Materials Advances can facilitate sodium ion transport, 90 thus facilitating the sodiation reactions of hard carbon.
In this work, mesoporous hard carbon materials were synthesized and modified by compositing a carbon coating and carbon nanotubes (CNTs), reducing the surface area and improving the conductivities without changing the microstructures of the anodes, which enhances the coulombic efficiencies and rate performances of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs).
Nevertheless, research on applying this approach in Na-ion batteries is still lagging behind and focuses mostly on the negative electrode side. 21 Recently, Ali et al. reported on the electrochemical performance of rGO as a suitable cathode for SIBs. 22 It showed a high specific capacity of 235 mA h g À1 and stable behaviour over 1000 cycles.
As shown, the diffraction peaks for the ve samples can be well indexed to the JCPDS no. 46-0908, thus verifying the Mn substitution and introduction of ppy show little effect for the Prussian blue crystal structure. 7,16 Notably, the closed investigation for the peak at around 17.6°reveals that the Mn substitution leads to its le shi (Fig.
These results confirm the kinetically favored rapid Na-ion transport for P-CoSe 2 @ PDA-C NR microspheres owing to the better electrolyte percolation through the porous structure, efficient mitigation of volume variation during cycling, and synergetic effects of two highly conductive carbon-coated layers that facilitate rapid charge transfer.
Therefore, for a more promising anode of KTiOPO 4 , a solid understanding of the sodium storage mechanisms necessitates rigorous electrochemical analyses based on "simplex" electrode models that can avoid the interference of binders and additives in conventional electrodes, coupled with multimodal and intuitively observable characterizations.
The large irreversible capacity in the 1st cycle is attributed to the SEI formation and the irreversible insertion of sodium ion with a relatively large ionic radius. 22,23 Following the rst cycle, the charge-discharge curves become more linear which exhibits a higher and more stable CE indicating a stable SEI layer formed in the rst cycle.
Presently, phosphate polyanionic open framework materials have been investigated as cathode materials for high-energy sodium ion batteries due to their structural and thermal stability. 3,4 In a phosphate polyanionic structure, oxygen atoms are xed in the [PO 4 ] 3À structure to limit oxygen liberation, which leads to high thermal stability.
All the diffraction peaks of two samples are indexed to a rhombohedral symmetry lattice with the space group R 3m (as shown by XRD patterns and corresponding Rietveld refinement in Fig. 3a,b), indicating an O3 phase material that sodium ions occupy octahedral sites and oxygen columns have an ABCABC-stacking mode (Supplementary Tables 6 and7).
Unless a feeble decrease in the intensity (due to the formation of SEI layer) and slight shiing of peaks to a lower angle (reversible extraction/insertion of Na-ion increase the interplanar spacing), respectively, no extra peaks are detected from the post-cycled cathode electrode, which indicates the stability of the phase structure as well.
Our designed battery electrodes allow electron and sodium-ion transfer through the GF-SnS network without the necessity of extra binders, conductive additives or metal Cu current collectors, which are essential for exploring intrinsic sodium-storage properties of active material and increasing the energy/power densities of the full cell 5,22 .
To the best of our knowledge, except this current compound, O3-NaTiO2 and O3-NaMnO2, all other cyclable O3-NaTMO2 (without TM vacancy) become P3 or P'3 (P3 with monoclinic distortion) at Na1/2TMO2. To understand how the O3-P3 biphasic reaction is circumvented in the de-sodiation process of NaLRNMC, theoretical simulation study was carried out.
Layer oxide cathode materials (Na x TMO 2 ) are mainly divided into P2-type and O3-type cathode (Fig. 1b), the letters "P" and "O" represent the trigonal prismatic coordination environment and octahedral coordination environment of sodium ion, respectively; The number "2" and "3" refer to the number of oxygen stacking layers in one unit cell .
Owing to the limited solid solubility of Mg 2+ in the NASICON compounds, the ionic conductivity reduced when Mg 2+ was introduced in excess : If the Mg 2+ ratio increased even slightly beyond a certain amount, the secondary phase of Na x Mg y PO 4 with poor ionic conductivity formed, causing the ionic conductivity of the Mg x NZSP to decrease.
Notably, in comparison with those of pristine TiO2(B), despite of a smaller extent of movement of the CB and VB for sodiated TiO2(B), the negative shifts of CB and VB are more noticeable (Figure 2 and Figure S1 (Supporting Information)), manifesting that OVs can enhance a higher activity toward sodium ions inserted/ extracted into/out TiO2(B).
Several contradicting Na-ion storage mechanism models have been proposed in the last two decades in attempts to understand the electrochemical behavior of HCs for SIBs. 21,31,34,47 Fig. 1 Structural analysis of hard carbon: (a) XRD patterns, (b) Raman spectra at carbonization temperatures from 800 to 1600 1C, (c) HR-TEM image of HC at 1300 1C.
Specifically, sodium ions are extracted from the layered structure during the charging process, accompanied by the oxidation of Mn 3+ to Mn 4+ ; the electrochemically inactive Ti acts as a stabilizer and buffer, significantly mitigating lattice stress variations and minimizing the slippage of the transition metal (TM) layer into the OP4 phase.
For example, monoclinic Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 (Senguttuvan et al., 2011); spinel Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 (Zhao et al., 2012a), P2-layered Na 0.66 Li 0.22 Ti 0.78 O 2 (Wang et al., 2013), O3-type Na 0.68 Mg 0.34 Ti 0.66 O 2 (Zhao et al., 2018a), Anatase/Rutile TiO 2 (Wu et al., 2015b;Lan et al., 2017), NaTiOPO 4 (Mu et al., 2016) and NaTiO 2 (Wu et al., 2015a).
Beneting from the effect of the adjustment of the layer spacing on the Na + migration barrier reduction, Na + diffusion coefficients of HE is consistently higher than those of NFM as shown in the experimental analysis of GITT (Galvanostatic Intermittent Titration Technique) curves, indicating superior sodium ion diffusion kinetics in HE (Fig.
For instance, graphite is the most common anode-active compound used in today's Li-ion batteries Si-based anodes are certainly very desirable materials for Na-ion batteries Forming a solid-state solution of crystalline silicon under electrochemical conditions is one of the best strategies to preserve the morphology of the anode during cycling.
They can be best described as turbostratically contorted, curved graphene layers that are-to some extent-aligned in parallel to each other, forming a material with partially graphitic domains as well as small internal cavities. 7,8 Hard carbons are usually obtained from precursors, which develop a high degree of cross-linking during pyrolysis.
The structures of hard carbon 29 and Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 30 are cited from the literature. a stable SEI because of their high reactivity. For this reason, they were always used as the co-solvents (less than 60%). 12,19,21,25 However, the salt effect was seldom taken into consideration when evaluating carboxylates during electrolyte engineering.
Ex situ XPS findings once more show that the electrode cycled in FEC-containing electrolyte exhibits a shoulder in the F 1s core level, indicative of NaF domination. 52 Here, FEC can release F À upon decomposition, where these fluoride ions can react with adsorbed Na + at the surface of the hard carbon, eventually forming more NaFdominated SEI.
Furthermore, the N 2 adsorption-desorption isotherms (Fig. 1c and S1, SI) show that the specic surface area of the red P/hard carbon composites is signicantly smaller than that of the original hard carbon (original hard carbon: 23.2 m 2 g -1 ; 1 wt% P, 3 wt% P, and 5 wt% P phosphated hard carbon: 6.73, 4.46, and 2.53 m 2 g -1 , respectively).
Na/Na + ) is attributed to the reformation of SnSe 2 . 40 It merits emphasis that the CV curve from the third cycle closely aligns with that of the second, signifying excellent reversibility in the sodium storage reaction of SnSe 2 @NC. 42 By comparison, the bare SnSe 2 shares a similar CV prole with the SnSe 2 @NC composite (referring to Fig.
While the pouch LFP cell has a specific energy/energy density of 214 Wh kg À1 /507 Wh L À1 , the layered oxide-based SIB cells are in the range of 147-206 Wh kg À1 /333-419 Wh L À1 , the polyanionic cells reach 158-192 Wh kg À1 /310-366 Wh L À1 Energy & Environmental Science Analysis and the PBA cells achieve 161-185 Wh kg À1 /260-302 Wh L À1 .
While transition metal migration can be expected to induce a contraction in the interlayer distance, shrinkage of the c lattice parameter upon extraction of sodium ions has also been related to ordering of the sodium ion vacancies and phase transitions. 71,75,76 However, rationalising these alternative explanations is somewhat more challenging.
The mechanism model has three voltage ranges: the first is the slope due to capacitive behavior on the surface and edge (above 1. 0 V), the second is SRC due to the adsorption/intercalation of Na-ions on and between the graphene layers (below 1.0 V), the third is PRC due to the adsorption/intercalation of the ion into the nanopores (near 5 mV).
As illustrated in Fig. 7b, the GCD curves reveal that the areal capacities of two and three pouch cells packaged 12. g Specific capacity against continuously varied operating temperatures at 40 mA g -1 . h Ragone plots of the full cell and recently reported sodium-ion full cells based on the total mass of the anode and cathode active materials.
Overall, the rate-capabilities of the diluted electrodes were much higher than those of undiluted electrodes, suggesting the rate is becoming limited by sodium insertion into HC. 19,23 The rate performance of lithium insertion was evaluated in the same manner (Fig. 4e) and normalized with ∼300 mAh g (HC) -1 obtained from cycling at 25 mA g -1 .
Moreover, as shown in Fig. 3e and Supplementary Fig. 4, the elemental mappings by high angle annular dark-field scanning transmission electron microscopy (HAADF-STEM) confirmed the existence and uniform distribution of Na, Mn, Ni, Cu, Mg, and Ti in the Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 -Ni 0.23 Cu 0.05 Mg 0.09-2y Ti y O 2 , and Na, Mn, Ni in the NaMNO 2 samples.
In the pristine crosssection in Figure 2b, one consistent microstructure comprising joined cube-like grains, is observed and represents that of NaSICON. 9 In Figure 2c, however, a region of the NaSICON sample near the plating side (top of the image) has become darkened but still mostly maintains the cube-like morphology of the pristine NaSICON.
We found that: • The total resistance -and particularly the interfacial resistance -of the symmetric cells decreased with the application of 100 mA cm -2 current density. • The overpotential during testing depended on the bulk ionic conductivity of the electrolyte. • Na accumulation in NaSICON solid electrolytes appeared to occur in two stages.
Unlike in LIBs, graphite cannot be used as a negative electrode material in SIBs due to poor sodium intercalation with a very low theoretical mass capacity of 35 mA h g -1 for NaC 64 (372 mA h g -1 for LiC 6 ). Consequently, hard carbons remain the most widely studied anode materials because they are very good candidates for sodium ion storage.
This adsorption of sodium ions on active carbon sites is anticipated to impact the Raman signature of the material, potentially shifting the position or changing the intensity of the D-and G-bands. 29, Therefore, to explore the changes occurring in the C-C bonds of HC during battery cycling, operando Raman spectroscopy measurement was employed.
Using Na 1+x M 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 as an example, we showed that the Na + transport properties in NaSICON structures are determined by (i) the Na + trapping by introduced Si 4+ at small x, (ii) the migration energy E mig,0 at intermediate to high x, and (iii) the availability of vacant Na + site as well as the Na + -Na + repulsion at very high x.
In recent years, sodium ion batteries (SIBs), characterized by low cost and abundance of sodium resources on earth, 1 as an important supplement to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), have been widely studied and applied on a small scale. 2,3 However, with the deepening of the study for SIBs, researchers also found a lot of problems at the same time.
We assess that the CN coating, in this case, does not act "only" as articial interphase, matching the three principles of mechanical stability, ionic conductivity, and chemical passivation 30,31,67 but it also takes a key role in the reduction potential of the sodium ion exploiting the heterojunction effect at the interface, as explained above.
Their galvanostatic discharge-charge profiles show rounded potential shoulders below 1 V which are attributed to the Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ redox reaction due to reversible Na + insertion and extraction in the rutile structure, whereas the part above is assigned to the pseudocapacitive sodium ion adsorption as well as the side reactions and SEI formation.
The convex hull is constructed from the formation energy E fx with respect to the decomposition into the Na decient O2-type structure (x = 0) and the P2-type structure at a Na content of x = 2/3: Once the convex hull is constructed by calculating the formation energy per formula unit, the OCV for each stable conguration is obtained using eqn .
The redox process at 0.80 V during the first discharging process results from the irreversible generation of the solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) film due to electrolyte degradation and permanent entrapment of sodium ions. 42,43 Among the materials tested, Na-ILT has a higher capacity for multiple initial cycles as compared to other materials.
For a NASICON with the chemical formula Na x M y M' 2-y (AO 4 ) z (BO 4 ) 3-z , the ideal entropy is calculated as follows with the units of eV/atom: While this is likely an overestimation of the entropic stabilization that can be achieved, this more generous filter allows us to capture NASICONs which would be synthesizable as metastable phases.
As mentioned above, no microstructure and pore structure change can be observed from the results of XRD, Raman and N 2 adsorption-desorption isotherm, demonstrating that the high reversible capacity and high rate capability of the samples with CNTs could be attributed to enhanced electronic conductivity in hard carbon samples aer CNTs addition.
They successfully prepared a nine-component O3-type layered high-entropy oxide NaNi 0.12 Cu 0.12 Mg 0.12 Fe 0.15 Co 0.15 Mn 0.1 Ti 0.1 Sn 0.1 Sb 0.04 O 2 as a cathode material for SIBs, and the HEO cathode displays superior cycling stability (83% capacity retention after 500 cycles) and excellent rate performance (80% capacity retention at 5 C).
Point defects such as vacancies, substitute and interstitial atoms can increase adsorption sites, accelerate the ion diffusion, and improve the electronic conductivity of the LIB and SIB electrode materials 10 , such as Co and F codoped SnO 2 11 , MoS 2 /C with S vacancies 12 , Cudoping cobalt embedded nitrogen-doped porous carbon (CoCu@NC) 13 .
The calculated L a values, presented in Fig. 2(c) and (g), clearly show a progressive increase with increasing temperature. 24,25 The Raman spectra results showed good agreement with the XRD results that overall an enhanced graphitization degree was achieved at higher temperature, PNHCs and NPNHCs remained their hard carbon nature until 1600 °C.
Therefore, exploring solid-solid electrolytes is inevitable in supercapacitors. 9 Ionic liquid-added NASICON-type 10 and perovskite-type 11 Li +ion conductors have shown remarkable conductivity enhancement and are effectively used as supercapacitor electrolytes. 12 The liquid-free, solid-state supercapacitors (SSCs) are relatively less explored.
When the capacity improvement is normalised to the mass of silicon nitride, rather than the total mass of the composite, it is estimated that the reversible (desodiation) reactions on the silicon nitride correspond to a specific capacity of 848 mA h g À1 , much higher than previously reported for silicon-based electrodes in sodium-ion batteries.
Especially, Prussian blue analogs (PBAs), which can be synthesized under room temperature in aqueous solution, have been regarded as promising precursors for the synthesis of various types of materials, e.g., transition metal alloys, oxides, sulfides, (oxy)hydroxides, etc. (Yang et al., 2015;Wang et al., 2018a;Xuan et al., 2019;Lv et al., 2021).
Recently, great efforts have been devoted to developing high-performance cathodes, including layered metal oxides, Prussian blue analogs, and polyanionic compounds. Among them, layered metal oxides NaxTMO2 (0<x<1, TM = transition metals) have attracted much attention due to their relatively stable microstructures and facile synthesis conditions.
Despite the calculation error caused by the overbinding of sodium metal and problems with dispersion term 41 , there are two factors that result in the differences between the experimental and calculated voltages: (i) polarization in the electrode material; (ii) sodiation energetic kinetics differences between nanosized and bulk TiO 2 materials.
Apparent sodium-ion diffusion coefficients of the materials were calculated from the galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) following the procedure in Supplementary note 6. † As shown in Fig. 3e, diffusion coefficients of materials vary in the order of 10 -9 and 10 -11 cm 2 s -1 depending on the sodiation and desodiation potential.
However, the charge carrier drift speed at the currents involved would inevitably cause NASICON phase breakdown due to local changes in stoichiometry resulting from lithium extraction near the anode and lithium accumulation near the cathode, similar phenomena to what has been shown in work with zirconia (Downs, 2013) and thoria (Goldwater, 1961).
Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) confirms a superior bulk mass transfer (Warburg impedance, Z w ) for the P2/P3-NaMNO electrode, while similar surface resistance (R sf ) and charge transfer impedance (R ct ) across all three positive electrodes suggest comparable surface properties 36 (Supplementary Fig. 22 and Supplementary Table 6).
The practical benefits of preparing sodiumenriched positive electrodes as reservoirs to compensate for sodium loss during solid electrolyte interphase formation are demonstrated by assembling full C/P 0 2-Na 1 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 and C/'Na 3 þ x V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 ' sodium-ion cells that show substantial increases (410%) in energy storage density.
The particle size of Fe 3 O 4 has an effect on its structural change and electrochemical activity, which was confirmed by ex situ XRD for the cycled electrode samples. 56) In terms of cost effectiveness, Fe 4. 55,58,59,61,62) The electrochemical performances of transition metal oxide as an anode for sodium-ion batteries are summarized in Table 1.
A wide variety of potential cathode materials, including layered oxides (NaMO 2 , where M ¼ Fe, Ni, Co, Mn and etc.); phosphates (NaMPO 4 , where M ¼ Fe, Co, Ni, Mn and etc.); pyrophosphates (Na 2 MP 2 O 7 , where M ¼ Fe, Mn and Co); NASICON-based uorophosphates (Na 3 V 2 PO 4 F); organic compounds and sulphates have been covered in this review.
In contrast to the sodium-storage capability of the bronze and anatase titania , the as-obtained B-TiO2(B) nanobelts electrode here illuminates a marvelous endurable stability and extraordinary sustainability, revealing the effective and strong synergistic effect of OVs and carbon coating for enhancement of sodium storage of B-TiO2(B) electrodes.
XRD spectra of pristine and Sn-coated NaSICON, symmetric cell schematic, all fitted values from EIS tests, EIS spectra after cooling symmetric cells, post-mortem optical images of cycled pellets, ring-on-ring bending illustration, bending load-displacement curves, additional SEM images, and accompanying numerical data for Figure 7 (PDF) purposes.
Recently, Ingersoll et al. compared the structures and performances of ZIF-8-and MOF-5-derived carbons in detail. 42 They found that starting MOFs with larger, more open pore structures would probably be beneficial for improving the capacity and rate performance of the derived carbon, due to improved charge transfer and sodium-ion transportation.
The house of cards model is widely used as the model structure for hard carbon in studying the alkali-ion storage mechanism. 36 It is believed that hard carbon consists of randomly distributed turbostratic and cross-linked domains with graphene nanosheets and expanded interlayer spacing, as well as micropores formed between these microstructures.
To further verify the ultra-fast, highly anisotropic sodium migration on borophene, AIMD simulations at 300 K were also carried out subsequently, which are exible for studying any system and provide accurate dynamic models. 52 The calculated MSD in three directions of the sodium ion during the last 2 ps of the simulation is depicted in Fig. 10b.
In summary, a combined structure modulation is suggest ed and show marked effectiveness to improve the air stability of O3-type cathode materials via reducing the interlayer dis tance of Na layers and simultaneously increasing valance state of transition metals, because of the suppression of spontaneous Na extraction and enhanced inoxidizability.
In this study, to address this issue, we investigated the improvement in the ionic conductivities of the vA-NASICON by introducing Mg 2+ as the heterogeneous element; we adopted Mg 2+ as the heterogeneous element considering its raw material cost, ionic radius, and oxidation number, as compared with the Zr 4+ ions present in the NASICON compounds.
The evidence found at room temperature suggests that a similar behaviour could be found even as a function of temperature across the phase transition and this aspect will be the subject of a subsequent investigation in order to get a clearer picture of the correlation between structure and transport in this interesting family of Na-ion conductors.
Among a large variety of anodic carbon materials used in NIBs, hard carbon materials deliver the highest specific capacity, i.e., B300 mA h g À1 , 2 vs. only 31 mA h g À1 for graphite. 3 Instead, a high irreversible capacity is generally observed during the first charge/discharge cycle, and, in some cases, capacity fading during long-term cycling.
Various cathodes, including oxides (such as tunnel structure oxides and layered transition metal oxides), transition metal fluorides (typically FeF 3 ), polyanionic compounds (such as NaFePO 4 , NaVPO 4 F, Na 3 M 2 (PO 4 ) 3 NASICON compounds), Prussian blue analogues, and organic electrodes, have displayed outstanding sodium storage performance .
Seminal work in the 1960s by Hong and Goodenough unveiled the prototype NASICON compound, Na3Zr2 (SiO 4 )2(PO4 ), highlighting the flexibility in polyanion composition, thereby allowing precise adjustments in the SiO 4 to PO 3), designed to maintain charge neutrality, achieving an optimal ionic conductivity of 0.2 S • cm -1 at 300 • C, when x = 2.
TMSPi: trimethylsilyl phosphite; NVPF: Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 ; EC: ethylene carbonate; PC: propylene carbonate; DMC: dimethyl carbonate; TEM: transmission electron microscope; NPP6: 6th sodium-ion electrolyte formulation with PC and PFPN; PFPN: ethoxy (pentafluoro) cyclotriphosphazene. successfully achieving all-weather adaptability [Figure 6C] .
In general, carbonization of organic compounds progresses from 600 °C, so the MCF600 structure likely contains few sodium insertion sites and a large amount functional groups that cause electrolyte decomposition and Na + trapping. 9,11 MCF1300 also showed some differences in its CV, where Na insertion was observed at a lower potential of 0.3 V vs.
Given that sodium is one of the most abundant elements on Earth, this could potentially signicantly reduce battery costs. 6,7 Furthermore, the possibility of using an aluminum current collector that is cheaper and lighter than copper is a key advantage of this type of technology. 8 In fact, research on sodium-ion batteries rst began in the 1970s.
Similarly to Na 4 (B 12 H 12 )(B 10 H 10 ), it was shown to be highly conductive (1-2 mS cm À1 at room temperature) and stable against sodium metal. 36,45 As is the case for Na 2 B 12 H 12 , NaCB 11 H 12 can also be synthesized from NaBH 4 but via the [B 11 H 14 ] À intermediate, allowing cost-effective upscaling of synthesis to industrial volumes.
To summarise, G1000 has the highest concentration of defects and the widest interlayer spacing available for sodium storage, although the strong binding energies at certain defect sites could result in irreversible storage with sodium remaining trapped at these sites, consistent with the large capacity loss observed after the first cycle (Fig. 5a).
It delivered discharge capacities of 113.0 mAh g -1 and 108.3 mAh g -1 at 0.05 C and 0.1 C (1 C = 120 mA g -1 ), and even up to 20 C, there was still 80.3 mAh g -1 remaining, which is completely comparable with the known sodium superionic conductor (NASICON)-structured polyanionic materials, such as the well-studied Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 material 13 .
In this regard, conceptually identical sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are a favorable alternative due to the much greater abundance (by a factor of 10 3 ) and therefore lower price of sodium salts. However, the seemingly simple replacement of the Li + ion with its 50% larger group I neighbor has drastic consequences for the resulting electrochemistry.
Sodium storage mechanisms, including: intercalation between graphene sheets in turbostratic graphitic structures; storage in closed micropores; and surface and defect absorption, have been demonstrated for hard carbon. 37 Therefore, improvements in microstructure, porosity and morphology are crucial for high-performance, hardcarbon anode materials.
The superior long cycling performance of P red @CNF anode not only confirms that the capacity degradation of P red anode mainly comes from the side reactions occuring at the electrode/electrolyte interfaces, but also suggests that our encapsulation strategy is crucial to optimize the electrochemical stability of P red anode in sodium-ion chemistry.
Therefore, sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) are a promising alternative combining low cost and similar intercalation chemistry to that of lithium. 3,4 Tremendous efforts have been made to develop suitable materials for NIB electrodes. 1,3,5,6 One of the main differences between sodium and lithium-ion batteries is the intercalation behavior into graphite.
On the one hand, inorganics can affect the properties of materials during synthesis, e.g., an increase of SSA (for Na, K, Ca-based), local graphitization (for K, Ca, Fe and Si-based), growth of nanostructures (Si-based), a decrease of electronic conductivity (all impurities) 30,135,137 which favor the electrolyte decomposition, Na-ion trapping, etc.
Here, an integrated polyanion-layered oxide cathode embedded into a porous carbon framework is designed and optimized to enhance Na-ion storage performance, which shows capacities far exceeding the theoretical capacity of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 and outstanding fast-charging capability along with a long cycling life in half and Ah-level pouch full cells.
This work reveals that the Stöber method is an effective and scalable strategy for synthesizing carbon spheres with different microstructures, which is bene-cial to improve the electrochemical performance of carbon anode materials for PIB as well as other electrochemical energy storage systems, and deepen the understanding of hard carbon structure.
The surface functionalized TiO 2 -x-P thin layer could endow TiO 2 @TiO 2 -x-P with significantly improved electronic conductivity and speeded sodium ion transport, which brought about an superb magnification performance (167 mAh g -1 at 10 A g -1 ) as well as superior cyclability (capacity retention rates up to 99% over 5 000 cycles at 10 A g -1 ).
These advantageous performance characteristics are attributed to the unique micro-nano structure, which reduced the first irreversible capacity loss by limiting the contact between the electrode and electrolyte, and enhanced the capacity by accelerating electron and Na-ion transfer through inter-connected nano-particles and nano-pores, respectively.
This suggests that Na-ion extraction leads to a phase transition from Monoclinic to Cubic given the similarity in line shape and edge position of pristine and BM PBA and agreement with previous studies. 36,38,40 Electrochemical data reveals an increase in capacity for BM PBA and we attribute this increase to morphology and crystal structure changes.
These found values indicate good transport kinetics of Na + ions in HC-1250 °C hard carbon derived from olive pomace, con-rming that the optimization of the carbon structure at high temperature signicantly improves the electrochemical performances, in particular by facilitating the rapid insertion of sodium ions into the interstices of the carbon.
Due to the large radius of Na + , the MOFs with open framework structures, large specic surface area, and tunable pore sizes are promising electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs). 48 However, there are limitations in the chemical stability and conductivity of MOFs, which inhibits fully exploiting their advantages as electrode materials.
To predict the reduction potential of the candidate compounds for SIB cathodes, we developed a regression model based on the density functional theory (DFT)-calculated lowest unoccupied molecular orbital (LUMO) energies of the optimized pristine molecules and the experimentally measured reduction potential of quinone-based cathode materials in SIBs.
Overall, considering the substantial increase in energy density when m-Sn is used as part of the active material in NIBs, even if only partially sodiated, and the unexpected stability exhibited by Sn-rich electrodes in Na half-cells, this metal has been proven to be a promising anode component for the realisation of high energy density Na-ion cells.
During the charge-discharge process, an SEI enriched with Na 3 P components is generated, which contributes to the hard carbon anode's superior electrochemical performance. 19 Fig. 1b compares the X-ray diffraction (XRD) results of the original bamboo powder-based hard carbon and hard carbon composites with varying mass percentages of red phosphorus.
Therefore, although Naion batteries cannot yet compete with the already mature Liion technology in terms of energy density and power, they are promising cost-wise. 2 Materials with the NASICON-type structure are known for their high Na + ionic conductivity, and are undergoing extensive study as positive electrodes (cathodes) for Na(Li)-ion batteries.
Several strategies have been explored to improve the cyclic stability of hard carbons, such as expanding the graphitic layers, introducing heteroatoms (i.e., sulfur) into the carbon structure, or using more complex electrolytes. 36 These strategies aim to mitigate the capacity fading issues and enhance the long-term stability of hard carbons in SIBs.
In contrast, the Na-ion absorption capacity inside the electrode is shown by the low-frequency impedance (straight line). The current EIS data were evaluated by an equivalent circuit (Figure S7) consisting of a charge-transfer and SEI layer diffusion component, in order to obtain quantitative details on the kinetic factors of the electrode mechanism.
Therefore, to further understand the SEI formation, which are mainly Na 2 CO 3 and alkyl carbonates 40 on electrode/ electrolyte interface during the progress of cell reaction with sodium-ion and the charge-discharge mechanism, in-situ electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) were performed during 1 st discharge-charge cycle and shown in Fig. 7a.
For example, in a recent study, Zuo et al. demonstrated that structural defect generation and charge heterogeneity in a Ni-rich O3-type NaNMC811 cathode are inuenced by phase transformation pathways during its formation process. 12 They showed that control over these phenomena can be achieved by precise synthesis parameter tuning during calcination.
These NaSICON materials -with large interstitial sites available for cation intercalation -are successful hosts for divalent cations, exhibiting reversible Zn 2+ and/or Mg 2+ (de)insertion and significant promise for long-term cycling stability. To date, there have been two reports of reversible Ca 2+ electrochemistry in a NaSICON CaxNaV2(PO4)3 host.
Two sharp exothermic peaks corresponding to the thermal decomposition of the SEI layer with a heat generation of 1721 J g À1 , and a second exothermic reaction with enormous heat generation of approximately 3274 J g À1 , higher than the pristine system, indicate that water is undesirable for the thermal behavior of the Sn electrode in the SIB system.
Furthermore, Ma et al. synthesized hierarchical hollow rod-like Mn-doped Prussian blue (R-PB) using MnO 2 nanosheets as a selfsacrificial template. 72 When applying as a cathode for SIBs, it exhibited appealing electrochemical performance, achieving a high discharge capacity of 117.3 mA h g À1 and a capacity retention of 98.5% after 200 cycles at 1C.
Coal powders were identified via a two-step TGA analysis technique displaying the overall carbon content of the coals and the impurities. coal-based anode materials were prepared from raw and pyrolyzed coals (at 800 °C under argon gas-flow) and cycled in Na-ion half-cells to further investigate the impact of the coal rank on the energetic properties.
Moreover, the electrochemical performance of the NMVAP/C, NMVFP/C, and NMVTP/C cathode is compared with previously reported NASICON-type cathodes in Table S6. † In specic, NMVTP/C cathode holds superior electrochemical properties than the compared cathodes highlighting the advantages of combination of Mn, V, and Ti elements in the NASICON structure.
We have systematically studied the formation of P2-Na 2/3 [Ni 1/3 Mn 2/ 3 ]O 2 using metallic Ni powders with various average particle sizes, including 10 nm, 100 nm, 1 mm, and 5 mm, and found that P2-Na 2/3 [Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 synthesized from Ni powder with an average particle size of 1 mm showed an excellent performance as a Na-ion battery cathode.
In addition, the investigation of the electrochemical behavior of obtained P3-Na 0.8 Mn 1-y Ni y O 2 compounds shows that they behave similarly to the reference compounds indicating the absence of obvious advantage nor in preparing Na-rich P3-type homologue of stable O3-type structure neither than P3-type stacking sequence of stable P2-type homologue.
Compared to pristine SnSe 2 without the nitrogen-doped carbon coating, the yolk-shell SnSe 2 @NC nanocubes leverage the physical buffering and chemical bonding between the nitrogen-doped carbon matrix and SnSe 2 nanoparticles to suppress volume expansion and polyselenide loss, thereby achieving excellent long-term cycling stability for sodium storage.
These advancements highlight electrolyte additives as a key strategy for improving LT SIB performance by optimizing SEI properties and ion transport mechanisms. 15 Improving the low-temperature performance of SIBs hinges on the optimization and the development of novel electrolytes and additives that enhance conductivity, stability, and SEI formation.
SIBs are considered in this analysis as a compelling nearterm challenger to LIBs with 240 GWh of battery capacity globally announced. 27 The high SIB scenario (Fig. 3c) is largely driven by elevated lithium carbonate prices and lithium supply chain risks, leading to an increased market share for SIBs, 27 particularly as an alternative to LFP|Gr cells.
For example, by increasing the sodium content to 0.85, and including with Li + substitution 28 , a plateau-free P2-type cathode, Na 0.85 Li 0.12 Ni 0.22 Mn 0.66 O 2 (P2-NLNMO), was developed 14 , which enables fast Na + mobility (10 -11 to 10 -10 cm 2 s -1 ) by realizing a completely solid-solution reaction over the whole experimental potential range.
Recently, compounds of transition metals (Cu, Ni, Co, Mn, etc.) based on Prussian Blue analogues (PBAs) have been of great interest due to their unique structural characteristics, including an open frame structure, high specific surface area and electrochemical activity as well as the possibility of flexible regulation of the number of active centers.
S13 in the SI), which corresponds to a series of reactions occurring with Fe and V species during sodium storage, respectively. 12,37,44,45 The GCD profiles at varied current densities suggest that V 1.87 FeS 4 possesses splendid sodium storage capacity as well as favorable reversibility compared to the other three samples (Fig. 5c and S14 in the SI).
When the NaNMF was calcined at 900, 950, and 1000 ℃, the diffraction peaks at 2θ appearing at 15.7°, 31.9°, 36.2°, 39.7°, 43.8°, 49.1°, 62.1°, 65.3°, and 67.8° could be assigned to the , , , , ( 103), , , , and diffraction planes of a P2-type phase with a space group of P63/mmc, respectively, suggesting the formation of a pure-phase P2-type structure.
For the past decades, various iron-based polyanionic compounds such as NAtrium Super Ionic CONductor (NASICON)-type Fe 2 (SO 4 ) 3 1 , Na 2 FePO 4 F 2 , NaFeSO 4 F 3 , olivine-type NaFePO 4 4 , Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 5 , NaFe(PO 3 ) 3 6 , and alluaudite-type Na 2 Fe 2 (SO 4 ) 3 7 have been extensively studied for their potential as cathode materials for NIBs.
According to the study of the sodium storage mechanism over the years, the plateau capacity is closely related to the number of closed pores. The lling of the closed pores with sodium ions (which may be accompanied by the formation of sodium clusters within the closed pores) will show a plateau capacity in the electrochemical charge/discharge prole.
The SEM images and digital photo of three hard carbon samples are depicted in Fig. 1a-c andS1. † The results indicate that the morphology of the hard carbon samples, synthesized through pyrolysis of glucose, sucrose, and starch, are similar and characterized by massive, smooth-surfaced particles with irregular shapes and no discernible pore structure.
This allows for a more precise tuning of CAM properties, which could pave the way towards competitive SIB cells given that cell voltage as well as capacity, are largely dependent on the CAM. 27,28 Furthermore, the elevated standard electrode potential allows for the application of Al as an anode current collector, thereby eliminating Cu from the cell.
Paulsen and Dahn investigated the structural properties and phase stability of sodium manganese bronzes based on P2-type Na 2/3 MnO 2 (where P2 indicates that the Na + ions are in trigonal prismatic sites (P), while the Mn ions are in octahedral sites, and that the O 2À layer stacking is AB AB 15 ) and of their lithium analogs obtained by ion exchange.
However, challenges persist in their fabrication, particularly in the cosintering of materials such as electrolytes, electrode active materials, and other components. NASICON-type Na 3 Zr 2 (-SiO 4 ) 2 (PO 4 ) (NZSP)-based materials are promising candidates for solid electrolytes due to their high ionic conductivity and moderate sintering temperatures.
Power (P, W•kg -1 ) and energy (E, Wh•kg -1 ) densities of SIB were calculated using the following equations ∆V = (V min + V max )/2 where V max and V min (V) denote discharge onset and termination voltages, respectively, I (A) is the charge/discharge current, m (kg) is the total active material mass (anode + cathode), and t (s) denotes discharge time.
Applying in the anode of lithium/sodium-ion batteries, the large surface area and the existence of nitrogen functional groups can improve the specific capacity by surface adsorption and faradic reaction, while the hierarchical porous channels and expanded graphitic layers can provide facilitate pathways for electrolyte and improve the rate performance.
In addition, a pronounced sodium insertion peak can be observed at near 0.01 V in each cycle, which is analogue to lithium insertion in carbonaceous materials. 54 The advantages of the as-prepared SnO 2 /NG over SnO 2 /G as anode materials for SIBs have been investigated by galvanostatic discharge/charge measurements in the voltage range of 0.01-3.0 V.
When cycled against a hard carbon anode material, the formation of the SEI at the anodeelectrolyte interface results in the irreversible consumption of sodium ions from the positive electrode material. 218 The irreversible consumption of sodium ions can pose a signicant problem for P2-type layered oxide structures which are inherently sodium decient.
Among all PBAs, Fe-based sodium rich Na 2 Fe[Fe(CN) 6 ] is characterized by a high theoretical capacity of ∼170 mA h g -1 (two sodium ions extracted per formula unit), and a relatively high operating voltage of ∼3.2 V. 28,29 The Fe-based framework makes it particularly desirable for large-scale applications in terms of both cost and resource abundance.
The choice of the precursor (e.g., different varieties of biomass, biopolymers, synthetic precursors, etc.) for hard carbon synthesis plays a critical role in their electrochemical performance due to the difference in the carbon microstructure as well as variations in biomass chemical composition and inorganic impurities present in the precursors 280 .
We utilise hard carbons prepared by hydrothermal carbonisation of glucose, which were synthesised, structurally analysed and electrochemically characterised in our previous work. 14 Through a combination of entropy prole measurement and modelling, we identify and quantify the key energetic driving terms affecting pore sodiation dependent on pore size.
Several samples of hard carbon materials were investigated by means of scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM), employing annular dark field (ADF), integrated differential phase contrast (iDPC) and electron energy loss spectroscopy (EELS), as well as by vibrational spectroscopy, namely, Fourier-transform infrared (FTIR) and Raman spectroscopy.
The O 1s became sharp under the fully charged/discharged states, which is attributed to the formation of SEI lms (mainly including Li 2 CO 3 , C]O, C-OH, C-O and ROCO 2 Li). 32,39 The Na-ion storage mechanisms of MnF 2 and MnF 2 -E were further investigated by ex situ XPS measurements of the pristine, fully discharged/charged states in the rst cycle.
We conducted this 23 Na MAS NMR study, demonstrating that the peaks of the sodium components in HC-700, HC-900, HC-1300, HC-1600, and HC-2000 tested in Na cells are ascribable to combinations of Na in electrolyte, reversible ionic Na components, irreversible Na components assigned to SEI or nonextractable sodium ions in HC, and decomposed Na compounds.
This time scale is in agreement with previous studies on Na + hoping in NASICON via molecular dynamics simulations that determined that longrange diffusion occurs on time scales smaller than 1 ns. 54 In Fig. 5b, the jump length L extracted from the narrow Lorentzian increases with higher T up to a maximum of 3.38 Å at 490 K and then decreases slightly.
The process will increase load by the hydrometallurgical treatment of lithium-ion batteries and sodium-ion batteries The preliminary model has been upgraded and incorporated into the excel-calculation tool which is based upon the stoichiometric calculations and other information obtained from patents and secondary publications on the recycling process.
This result suggests that, even for the strained systems, Li + and Na + ion transport will remain a 1D diffusion process, as is found for unstrained LiFePO 4 and NaFePO 4 . 45,46 MD simulations performed on both the unstrained and the ac-plane strained systems conrmed that Li and Na ion diffusion proceeds through a zig-zag path parallel to the b-axis.
Although noticeable progress has been demonstrated for P-based SIB anodes, typically very large amounts of conductive carbons are used to provide sufficient conductivity as well as mechanical stability of the electrodes, and often high capacities with good cycling stability can only be achieved at low charge/discharge currents of ~100 mA g -1 (~0.05 C).
Since observed low first coulombic efficiency and the good structural stability of the PW/CNT cathode confirmed by half-cell tests, the dominant factor in capacity loss involves the side reactions at the hard carbon anode surface and/or in nanopores in association with irreversible Na + loss for making excess solid electrolyte interface layer formation.
Moreover, the 2H-phase CrN 2 has the advantages of high theoretical capacity and high electrode potential, which makes it have considerable potential to be applied in the cathode materials of sodium-ion batteries. 24 To improve the diffusion performance of CrN 2 , we established a toy model to study the regulation of strain on its diffusion performance.
Theoretical considerations by Slater et al. indicate that sodium-ion battery may attain gravimetric energy density of 210 Wh kg -1 , fully comparable to the energy density of actual Li-ion batteries, if cathode specific capacity of 200 mAh g -1 and anode specific capacity of 500 mAh g -1 , with an average potential difference of 3.3 V may be discovered.
The original NaSICON material with composition Na 1+x Zr 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 exhibits rhombohedral structure (R 3c) (see Fig. 1) but shows a monoclinic (C2/c) distortion for 1.6 # x # 2.4 at room temperature. 2,3,53, However, at temperatures above 150 °C only the rhombohedral phase exists. 53,72,77,78 In this study, we focus on the rhombohedral structure.
The specific capacity of NVP is 117 mAh/g, assuming the contribution of 2 sodium ions from the V 3+ /V 4+ redox at a voltage of 3.4 V, resulting in an energy density 397 Wh/kg, and follows the reversible redox reaction below: These values have also been experimentally verified, see Fig. 11(f), showing excellent performance even at higher current rates .
Unlike this reversible electrochemistry, when NaVP was treated with approximately 0.65 equivalents of CaI2, a largely redox inactive multi-phase mixture with an average composition of Ca0.7Na0.76( 9)V2(PO4)3 was formed (Figure S9), however, some Na + ions could be removed, yielding a composition of Ca0.7Na0.21V2(PO4)3 after chemical oxidation (Figure 3).
Recently, intense attention has been paid to the sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) due to their outstanding advantages of low material cost and abundant resources widely existing in the sea, compared to commercial lithium-ion batteries (LIBs). Therefore, SIBs are the promising alternatives to LIBs to meet the demands of large-scale energy storage applications.
Mn 2 o 3 delivers a first discharge capacity of 544 mAh g -1 and retains its capacity by 85% after 200 cycles at 100 mA g -1 , demonstrating the excellent cyclability of the Mn 2 o 3 electrode. therefore, this study provides a significant contribution towards exploring the potential of Mn 2 o 3 as a promising anode in the development of na-ion batteries.
Prussian blue analogs (PBAs) have been the focus of considerable research interest and have been widely used as materials in various applications, such as sodium-ion batteries , drug delivery , electrochromic devices , and photochemical water splitting , because of their open framework struc-ture, high porosity, numerous redox-active sites, and low cost.
These pre-treatment conditions shrink the pore volume resulting in declining surface area for the pore sizes. 53 Employing the galvanostatic charge-discharge test, the electrochemical performance of the synthesized HCs as negative electrode material in half-cells sodium-ion batteries was investigated at a current density of 20 mA g -1 as shown in Fig. 5.
Because of the dual doping-endowed rich defects, high electronic conductivity, and favorable capacitive behavior, the resultant NSC exhibited excellent sodium storage performances, delivering superior sodium storage capacity (483.5 mAh g -1 at 0.1 A g -1 after 100 cycles) and excellent cycling stability up to 1,000 cycles (231.6 mAh g -1 at 1.0 A g -1 ).
In contrast, a bulk-diffusioncontrolled mechanism shows a b-value close to 0.5. 64 Here, the corresponding b-values (Fig. 3d) are calculated to be 0.65 and 0.55 for LSC and LSC/ThinCN, respectively, in good agreement with the assignment that the extended plateau region of the LSC/ThinCN is associated with the diffusioncontrolled insertion of sodium ions.
This is because the heat accumulated during the rst exothermal reaction raises the internal temperature of the cell and eventually triggers a runaway thermal reaction between the cathode and electrolyte. 28, Therefore, the DSC results shown in Fig. 1b indicate that the Sn electrode in the SIB system was less thermally stable than that in the LIB system.
As shown in Supplementary Fig. 12, the hard carbon cycled in ester electrolytes shows much larger interlayer spacing and shorter fringe length compared to the case using ether electrolytes, which originates from the irreversible intercalation of Na + expanding the graphene sheets and interrupting the original continuous layered structure of hard carbons.
Considering that Jahn-Teller distortion is primarily induced by trivalent Mn ions and the inherent phase transformations of Mnbased layered oxides are closely linked to their thermodynamic instability, divalent Zn has been doped into P2-type Na 0.833 [Li 0.25 Mn 0.75 ]O 2 (NLMO) to investigate its structural and thermodynamic contributions in this study.
By comparing different element substitutions in P2-type Na 0.67 M 0.2 Mn 0.8 O 2 (M = Cu, Mg, Zn), Kang et al. also demonstrated a lower charge transfer resistance (R ct ) in Cu-substituted materials by electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) characterization, which implied a more stable Na + insertion/extraction pathways, especially at high rates .
In contrast to the corner-sharing network found in perovskites such as ReO 3 , the cyanide groups that replace oxide ions not only increase the volume of the cavity but can also disrupt the long-range correlations between local tilting distortions that are induced during Na-ion (de)insertion, which allows for modest, reversible capacities to be obtained.
The phosphating layer on the surface of bamboo-derived hard carbon can induce the formation of an SEI enriched in inorganic components such as Na 3 P and NaF, which can effectively suppress continuous side reactions between the electrode and the electrolyte and reduce the impedance during charging and discharging to improve the efficiency of the battery.
• Reduced graphene oxide-wrapped FeS 2 (FeS 2 /rGO) composite was synthesized by a facile two-step method. • The integral reduced graphene oxide networks not only connect the FeS 2 nanoparticles but also prevent them from aggregating. • As anodes for sodium-ion batteries, the FeS 2 /rGO composite delivers high specific capacity and good cycling stability.
CV curves, rate capacities of HTO and Na-ILT with different sodium-ion concentrations, Coulombic efficiencies for the first 30 cycles, powder XRD patterns of the samples after cycling, rate capacity graphs of LIBs and KIBs, equivalent circuit for EIS data, angular frequency versus impedance diagram for slope, and tables for the kinetic factor values (PDF)
Herein, we report on a Na-air battery enabled by a reversible carbonate reaction (Na 2 CO 3 •xH 2 O, x = 0 or 1) in Nasicon solid electrolyte (Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 ) that delivers a much higher discharge potential of 3.4 V than other metal-air batteries resulting in high energy density and achieves > 86 % energy efficiency at 0.1 mA cm -2 over 100 cycles.
In contrast, phosphorus oxide groups are known to promote irreversible reactions, potentially reducing the overall efficiency of sodium-ion intercalation. 71 Finally, nitrogen doping via HNO 3 treatment appears to favour the formation of quaternary nitrogen and nitrogen oxides, while pyridinic and pyrrolic nitrogen species are present in lower quantities.
Na0.55 exhibits highly reversible TM redox and anionic O redox (as will be discussed later) at 3.4 V-4.1 V and 4.1 V-4.2 V regions, respectively, whereas Na1 exhibits a gradual contraction and disappearance of the TM and O activity, which can be attributed to the enhanced hybridization of the TM3d e g* -O2p orbitals by the contracted TMO 2 slab in Na0.55.
In general, the reaction kinetics mechanism is divided into the two typical types of (i) diffusion-controlled process and (ii) capacitive-controlled behavior, whereby the former refers to the faradaic redox reaction from sodium-ion intercalation and the latter indicates surface faradaic pseudo-capacitive as well as non-faradaic double-layer contributions.
Further comparison with the electrochemical performance of recently reported coin-type sodium-ion full batteries 17, revealed that the HC | | NNM coin full cell using 15PBS electrolyte had longest cycle life at specific current of 500 mA g -1 , lowcapacity decay per cycle and capacity decay per time (1562 h, 0.022% h -1 , Fig. 7d, Supplementary Table 13).
That these lms could be grown as apparently dense, relatively phase pure materials at only 775 C (relative, for example to the >1000 C required to synthesize bulk NaSICON materials) means that they could be applied to a variety of substrates without the need for high temperatures that might drive deleterious secondary reactions in the substrate material.
Finally, based on our views, we conclude that the research into advanced sodium-ion anodes should focus on microstructure optimization and surface modication techniques, such as doping, compositing, integrating conversion, alloying, and insertion-based materials with other conductive materials, to enhance sodium ion diffusion and stabilize the SEI layer.
Among these heteroelements, polyanions with highly electro-negative heteroelements such as sulfur have an inductive effect on the electrode potential due to their strong electronic attraction. So far, the following sulfates with a Fe 2+ /Fe 3+ redox couple have been reported as cathode active materials for Na-ion batteries: Na 2 Fe 2 (SO 4 ) 3 (3.8 V (vs.
However, there is still a large and undesirable reduction in volume associated with the P2-OP4 transition and even with a transition to the "Z" phase. 42 Signicant improvements in the long-term electrochemical performance of layered oxide positive electrode materials have been reported when phase transitions at high potentials are avoided. 2.1.2 O3-type.
MSHCs offer flexible design criteria for SRC or PRC, depending on the synthesis methods and carbonization temperature, thus improving the capacity contribution. 64,101,103,104 Diverse precursors for micro-spherical hard carbons Sucrose, glucose, biomass, and polymer/plastic-waste-based precursors are abundant and sustainable materials for producing MSHCs.
Here, in this paper, we report a low-cost NASICON-type cathode material, Na 4 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 2 (P 2 O 7 ), with favourable Na storage properties, that demonstrates fast and stable electrochemical properties under all-climate temperatures, combined with tuneable carbon-coated nanoparticles to form a robust composite material without losing its crystallinity.
On the other hand, the heteroatom doping and structure engineering of carbon is beneficial to increasing the sodium storage capacity of Sb/C anodes at the expense of the initial Coulombic efficiency and cycling stability. Most typically, some documents were aimed at the novel graphitelike BC 3 structure as an anode material for alkali metal ion batteries.
However, as an amorphous carbon material, hard carbon usually consists of a large number of disordered graphite microcrystals and amorphous regions ("house of cards" structure), and there is no precise crystal structure model, so it is hard to theoretically investigate the physicochemical variations in the sodium embedding/de-sodium process of hard carbon.
The broad peak from ∼0.86 V to 0.29 V in the rst cycle during the reduction process corresponds to the insertion of Na + into the interlayers of WO 3 , followed by the peak at 0.62 V associated with the conversion of WO 3 into elemental W and the irreversible SEI layer formation, as well as the insertion of Na + (sodium ion) to form metallic W and Na 2 O.
Ti-based phosphates with sustainability merits from cost and environment, working via Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ redox couples, have not only a safe discharge voltage but also an excellent cycle life owing to their large interstitial channels and robust three-dimensional (3D) frameworks , typically involving a NASICON-type ATi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (A = Na, K, et al.) anode 6,7 .
Unlike graphite, hard carbon (HC) featuring abundant defect sites, nanopores, and short-range graphitized domains can enrich Li active sites, shorten Li-ion diffusion, and reduce local current density, allowing better rate performance. 34,35 Therefore, achieving high Li plating reversibility on the HC anode should be more meaningful for fast-charging LIBs.
In comparison with previous reports, our NASICON-type electrolyte provides similar electrochemical properties when tested for FePO 4 electrodes but with improved mechanical properties and a flexible processing methodology that allows introducing additional elements in the process, such as positive electrodes, to promote the electrode/electrolyte interface.
Tao et al. developed a mesoporous hard carbon derived from soybean roots through N, P co-doping (NPDC), which enlarged the interlayer spacing and increased the number of active sites. 16 The optimized NPDC exhibited excellent cycling stability, delivering a capacity of 197 mA g -1 aer 2000 cycles at a current density of 2.0 A g -1 in sodium-ion batteries.
To chart a course for future development of P2-type cathode materials, here we start with an overview of P2-type materials in terms of their structural characteristics, then discuss the key challenges hindering their application and the up-to-date progress in combating these issues, and eventually offer perspectives and recommendations for future research.
The coin cell case, sodium metal electrode, and separators of MoO 2.5 / NC cells display a dark-black color due to amounts of sidereactions, which is the main reason that the cells cannot deliver the expected capacity, while these of MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC cells have neglected changes, i.e., less side-reaction, leading to significantly battery performance (Fig.
A rapid advance in the development of sodium-ion Battery cell versions batteries, reviewed in this article, with the anode materials approaching 500 Wh kg -1 and cathode materials approaching the capacity of 200 Wh kg -1 , offers the promise of achieving from Na-ion batteries of the second generation a high level of competitiveness to the Li-ion batteries.
With the extraction of only 0.04 mol Na + in Na0.55, the characteristic peak position of O3 disappears and rapidly transforms into the P3 phase until charging to 4.1 V, when P3 undergoes only a slight symmetry reduction and distorts into the P3' phase, which implies that 90.9% of the capacity contribution is extracted by the P-phase solid-solution reaction.
Furthermore, the Co 2 GeO 4 /MWCNTs and Co 2 GeO 4 / rGO electrode exhibited slightly lower reaction resistances for both Na + insertion and extraction processes than those of the pristine Co 2 GeO 4 electrode, exhibiting the better sodium-ion diffusion kinetics and conforming well to the superior electrochemical performance of the rGO and MWCNT composites.
The hard carbon electrodes were prepared by mixing HC powder (95 wt %) and polyvinylidene difluoride (PVdF, Kynar HSV 900, Arkema, France) (5 wt %) in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidinone (NMP, Sigma-Aldrich, Germany) for 10 min at 2000 rpm using a planetary centrifugal mixer (ARV-310, Thinky, Japan), such that the resulting slurry had a solid content of 0.8 mg mL -1 .
With 3000 cycles it clearly outperforms the assessed LIBs in all the assessed categories, except the LFP-LTO, which shows extraordinarily high lifetimes. 10,20 Still, per kW h of storage capacity the impacts of the SIB are lower than those of the LFP-LTO (Fig. 5), and with a similar lifetime the SIB would offer better results also compared to this LIB type.
As it can be seen from Fig. 3, the lowest energy path derived from BVSE involves the Na-ion sites along the ab-plane (Na1 (4d) and Na2 (2b)), leading to a bidimensional diffusion, requiring ∼0.3 eV; to form a 3D-diffusion network, a higher energy diffusion path along the c-axis is required, involving only Na1 (4d) with a higher activation energy of ∼0.5 eV.
Moreover, to achieve high specific capacity, hard carbon anodes are discharged to ~0V, because the discharge plateau of hard carbon anodes is close to 0V. 34 This will trigger the deposition of sodium metal on the surface of hard carbon anodes during the discharge, especially under high current density. enhance the conductivity and interaction with Na-ions.
In addition to that, the intrinsic anti-site disorder (IASD) caused by the site hopping of Mn 2+ between the TM site and alkali metal (AM) site in the NASICON framework causes a significant voltage hysteresis during the charge/discharge and introduces a notable redox pair: 4.0 V during charge and 2.5 V during discharge, which hampers the energy efficiency .
Inevitably, for practical applications of K + storage, the diffusion-controlled intercalation mechanism is limited by energy density, 85,86 while the surface-driven pseudocapacitance process is subject to low power densities and low ICE to some extent. 87,88 In one word, the traditional hard carbon materials cannot fully exhibit their structural advantages.
The observed values indicate a significant improvement in comparison to pure graphene (372 mAh g À1 ) and VS 2 (466 mAh g À1 for Li, 233 mAh g À1 for Na). 15 The lower capacity observed for Na-ion storage compared to Li-ion storage is attributed to the larger effective ionic radius of Na + ions, which limits its accommodation within the VS 2 /Gr interlayers.
Furthermore, it also surpasses some other types of anode materials, such as Sn-Cu alloy (76% capacity retention after 300 cycles 40 ), conversion-type FeS (67.6% capacity retention after 300 cycles 41 ), graphite (89.1% capacity retention after 100 cycles in ether electrolyte 42 ) and even hard carbon (85.4% after 400 cycles 43 ; 97.9% after 300 cycles 44 ).
P2-type Na 2/3 Fe 2/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 (hereafter denoted P2-NFMO) was synthesized by the ceramic method as previously reported. 73,84 In summary, a stoichiometric mixture of Na 2 CO 3 , Fe 2 O 3 , and Mn 2 O 3 was ground in a planetary ball mill for 1 hour at 250 rpm with 12 mm diameter zirconia balls (1 : 20 sample : balls weight ratio) and pressed into pellets.
For instance, Agrawal et al. showed slightly higher iCEs for N-doped hard carbon spheres, 26 while Lu et al. improved the iCE by S doping. 27 We also found that O-functional groups have less impact on the initial Coulombic efficiency than the specific or active surface area do. 21 Indeed, the O content in the materials prepared at 1300 1C is quite S1 ESI †).
These fundamental insights are directly applicable to emerging anode-free SIB configurations and inform the design of electrolyte formulations, SEI-modifying additives, and interfacial engineering strategies for conventional hard carbon anodes operating under low-temperature conditions where interfacial resistance becomes the dominant performance limitation.
A major limitation in SIB anodes is the sluggish reaction kinetics caused by the large ionic radius of Na + (1.02 Å), which hinders fast ion diffusion and storage. 166,172 To enhance performance, ideal anode materials should exhibit stable redox potentials, structural integrity, high electronic and ionic conductivity, and simple, resourceefficient synthesis.
Through operando/in situ NMR measurements, we separate the sodium storage processes occurring during different stages of sodiation and correlate them with SAXS measurements from a previous study. 8 Further employing operando/in situ NMR spectroscopy, we differentiate between Na metal plating and dendrite formation due to their distinct chemical environments.
While the dominant effect of the compositional variables is likely the control of the size of the ion migration bottleneck and, therefore, the activation energy, the composition also has a more subtle effect on the ordering tendency of Na ions and lattice softness of the NASICON framework, which is reflected in the variation of the prefactor for Na diffusion.
However, limited charge/discharge capacities (<10 mA h g -1 ) were observed for the NaCoPO 4 (NCP) phase obtained through solid-state synthesis, and it is very low compared with its theoretical capacity, which is approximately 152 mAh g -1 (Ong et al., 2011;Gutierrez et al., 2017;Shiprath et al., 2020;Chiring et al., 2021;Shen et al., 2020;Song et al., 2013).
Moreover, we recently demonstrated that a near flat discharge plateau with relatively small voltage hysteresis can be realized in the P3-type Na 0.6 Li 0.2 Mn 0.8 O 2 . 24 In general, the packing of oxygen ions in the P2-type layered oxides follow the sequence of AABBAA… while this stacking sequence changes to AABBCCAABB… in the P3-type structure (Figure S1).
To address these challenges, compositionally graded (CG) structures in P3-type manganese-based Na 0.5 [Ni 0.216 Mn 0.784 ]O 2 (NaNMO) particles have been developed, 112 where the atomic ratio of nickel increases linearly from the core to the surface while the atomic ratio of manganese decreases, enhancing the concentration of stable Mn 4+ ions at the surface.
With this cathode material, we show that an electrochemical reaction based on Ni 2 þ /3 þ /4 þ is readily available to deliver a discharge capacity of 157 mAh (g-oxide) À 1 (15 mA g À 1 ), a capacity retention of 80% (125 mAh g À 1 ) during 300 cycles in combination with a hard carbon anode, and a rate capability of 132.6 mAh g -1 (1,500 mA g -1 , 10 C-rate).
After the accident of Fukushima's nuclear power plant, soil contamination was caused by radioactive cesium. in this study, the new cesium-adsorbent: Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 Prussian blue analogue was theoretically designed to solve the problem. in Prussian blue (iron cyano-compound), both water defect and iron vacancy are closely related to cesiumadsorption.
In order to investigate the Li-ion capacity of the hard carbon active materials, three-electrode Swagelok T-cells were assembled in an argon-filled glovebox using four glass fiber separators (glass microfiber filter, 691, VWR, Germany, with a diameter of 11 mm), a lithium counter electrode (450 µm thick Li foil, Rockwood Lithium) and a Li reference electrode.
All electrochemical tests were measured in a CR2032 model packaged in a glove box (H 2 O, O 2 < 0.01 ppm) by taking sodium metal as the counter, 1.0 M NaPF 6 dissolving in ethylene carbonate/diethyl carbonate (EC/DEC) = 1:1 in a volume ratio with 5% fluoroethylene carbonate (FEC) as the electrolyte, and GF/C (glass fibrous membrane, Whatman) as the separator.
Liu et al. developed S-vacancy enriched MoS 2 @C anchored on V 2 C-MXene to improve stability in conversion-type materials, achieving 337.3 mA h g -1 at 1 A g -1 for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs). 107 Their in situ carbonization method facilitated the layering of MoS 2 nanosheets on conductive V 2 C-MXene, creating S vacancies and enhancing charge distribution.
However, on the anode side of sodium-ion batteries there are some differences as compared to lithium-ion batteries where graphite has been used as a reliable anode with good lifetime performance. 5 Graphite does not provide any practical capacity in sodium-ion batteries 1 and hard carbon is instead the emerging standard anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
Additionally, the calculated adsorption energies (inset in Fig. 3f) reveal that HESSe exhibits higher adsorption energy compared to CuS, further demonstrating that the highentropy structure imparts stronger sodium ion adsorption capability to the electrode material, thereby improving its sodium storage the fast-charging behavior and cycling stability of HESSe.
Meanwhile, the cycleability evaluation at half-cell configuration for hard carbon electrode is not ideal because the growth of resistance from the sodium metal significantly affects the cycle performance because the majority of capacity from hard carbon electrode is delivered from low-voltage plateau region, which is highly affected by sodium metal resistance.
An exceedingly high capacity of 490 mAh g -1 at 0.1 A g -1 with an ultralong cycle life of 10000 was attributed to new sites created for sodium ions owing to the highly defect-rich nature of exfoliated titania layers. 23 The superlattice structure also enables a lower diffusion barrier for sodium (de)insertion without any significant phase or structure change.
This approach increases defect density, creates more sodium-ion adsorption sites, and modulates the electronic structure, contributing to improved storage capability. 9 Second, tailoring the pore structure, especially achieving a balanced distribution of open and closed pores, plays a crucial role in facilitating ion transport and improving capacity retention.
S3(e) †) and FArGO (Fig. 4(b)) measured at a current density of 30 mA g -1 in 2.8-0.01 V, which represents the typical charge-discharge behavior of graphene materials for sodium storage. 21 As shown in the gures, the rst reversible capacities of the three electrodes increase with the degree of coalication of the raw coal, being 312, 324, and 331 mA h g -1 .
The reasonably medium charge rates required for stationary applications (residential, commercial, industrial), principally as emergency power supplies and off-grid power consumption, are governed mainly through high-energy density cathode materials (layered oxide cathode materials 9 ) or long-cycle life and low-cost cathode materials (Prussian Blue (PB)) 336 .
In contrast, sulfide solid electrolytes exhibit high ionic conductivities at room temperature and can be easily densified by cold pressing. 12,13 This is due to the fact that the electrostatic interaction between S 2¹ ions and sodium ions is lower than that of O 2¹ ions and sodium ions because the polarizability of S 2¹ ions are greater than that of O 2¹ ions.
Tilt engineering-manipulating the octahedral tilting in order to achieve a desired property-is an appealing concept originally coined for oxide perovskites. 10 Like for the inorganic counterparts, tilts in Prussian blue analogues have clear functional implications and there is potential to improve the performance of PBAs by judicious manipulation of the tilts.
Additionally, it was found that the amorphous Li(Na) x Sb 2 O 3 formed from crystalline Sb 2 O 3 minimizes irreversible reactions following the initial conversion reaction and can stably participate in lithium/ sodium ion storage reactions over long-term cycling. Notably, PL-MrGO/Li x Sb 2 O 3 demonstrates exceptional performance as an anode material for LIBs.
CR2016-type coin cells, pure sodium metal foil as the counter and reference electrode, Celgard 2500 microporous film as the separator, a solution of 1 m NaClO4 dissolving in a 95:5 (V/V) mixture of PC and FEC additive as the nonaqueous electrolyte were assembled in in a glove box (mBraun, Germany) filled with highly pure argon gas (O2 and H2O levels <0.5 ppm).
Indeed, with a higher electronic density, heteroatoms contribute to sodium ad/chemisorption, thus enhancing sodium storage in hard carbons, as described in more detail in the literature, but their amount must be optimized so as not to decrease the ICE too much. For the carbon xerogels described in this study, the total amount of heteroatoms, decreases slightly.
With the current strong interest in electromotive driving and the transformation of the energy grid to sustainable and decentral electricity generation and storage, the unconventional LIB and SIB technology using disordered carbons is currently having a comeback with a strongly increasing number of recent publications (Supporting Information File 1, Figure S1).
The ndings from this project will hopefully provide a better understanding of the relationship between the various factors that inuence the reversible capacities of biomassderived hard carbons and will rapidly and accurately guide future experimental or computational studies through quick optimizations in the hard carbon's preparation and application process.
Our Coulombic efficiency data are consistent with most of transition metal oxides, which exhibit a gradual rise in Coulombic efficiency. The charge and discharge capacities of the compounds in Figure 3f are significantly altered when the guest alkali-metal ions are changed, indicating the massive influence of interlayer ion species on the SIB anode performance.
Hard carbon, which is generally used as anode material for lithium/sodium ion batteries, has the advantages of low cost, wide resource, high tap density, and appropriate specic surface area. 14,15 In recent years, many researchers have used hard carbon as the starting material to prepare uorinated carbon cathode materials for high performance Li/CF x battery.
In the current paper, we focus on comparing the structural evolution of the Fe-free compound (y = 0) with one of these Fe-substituted compositions, Na 2/3 -[Ni 1/3Ày/2 Mn 2/3Ày/2 Fe y ]O 2 (y = 1/3), as they are representative examples of Na-ion cathodes transitioning to a well-defined O2-structure and the ''Z''-phase, respectively, when charged above 4.1 V vs.
With the increase of the hard carbon ratio, the intensity of I significantly decreases, and the value of I/I increases simultaneously, indicating that the graphitization degree of the hybrid powder system gradually decreases, stemming from the hard carbon increasing the disorder of the entire powder system, which is conducive to the improvement of the kinetics.
The electrochemical performance of both samples was tested in Na-half cells using an ionic liquid (IL) based electrolyte and correlated with the microstructure of the hard carbons as well as the interfacial properties of the cells in terms of SEI layer composition, as evaluated by ex-situ MAS (magic angle spinning) NMR (nuclear magnetic resonance) spectroscopy.
Recently, carbon microspheres with B (boron), P (phosphorous), and B-P dual-doped carbon (BC, PC, and BPC) were developed by a pyrolysis method using onion salts. 150 The BPC sample (0.369 nm) had a larger interlayer spacing as compared to BC (0.342 nm), and PC (0.360 nm) facilitated more Na-ion intercalation between the graphene layer, giving more PRC regions.
In the lower temperature range, compared to solid polymer electrolytes, inorganic solid electrolytes have higher ionic conductivity, which is of great significance for low-temperature solid SIB Currently, in the field of solid-state SIBs research, sodium superionic conductors with high ionic conductivity structures (NASICON) have attracted widespread attention.
Vanadium nitride (VN) combined with carbon bers (VN@CF) was found to exhibit a maximum discharge capacity of 204 mA h g -1 at 0.1 A g -1 and to be stable for over 500 chargedischarge cycles, suggesting superior sodium storage performance. 104 The increased Na + storage behavior was due to pseudocapacitive redox processes at the electrode-electrolyte interface.
Among them, 1 M Na 2 SO 4 can be compatible with various electrode materials such as Na 0.44 MnO 2 , 123 NaFePO 4 , 124 NTP, 125 and Na 2 Ni [Fe(CN) 6 ]. 126 As shown in Fig. 11a, the Na + insertion/extraction processes of Na 2 FeM 5 (CN) 6 / NaFeM 5 (CN) 6 / Na 2 FeM 5 (-CN) 6 indicate that only 50% Na + can freely insert/extract for electrochemical reactions.
A more agreed on view is that the Na ions are hard to intercalate between graphene layers to produce a voltage plateau below 0.1 V. 96 Thus, the plateau capacity results from pore-filling/ pseudo-metal cluster plating, and the associated low voltage plateau can be explained by the weak binding energy between the filled Na-ions and carbon atoms in the micropores.
Overall, we believe that the synthesis of porous microspheres with two kinds of carbon-coated layers as a highly stable and conductive scaffold resulted in high structural stability that can tolerate the severe volume variation during the repeated cycling and provide conductive pathways for faster Na-ion transfer, leading to superior electrochemical performance.
In this context, research on battery materials has become broader, in the search for new ions that can reversibly insert/extract from a range of hosts, for example the use of sodium ions, instead of lithium ions. The development of Na-ion based batteries demands research into new materials, electrodes and electrolytes, to make these devices a commercial reality.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) attract increasing attention as promising alternatives to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), because of the natural abundance, low cost, and high safety of sodium when compared to lithium as well as the similarities in the electrochemistry between SIBs and LIBs. An overwhelming majority of cathode materials in SIBs are inorganic compounds.
Therefore, it is very important to develop the related energy storage technology as a substitute for lithium ion batteries. 1, Recently, sodium ion batteries have attracted renewed interest as a potentially lower cost alternative to lithium ion batteries because of the wide abundance of sodium resources and similar chemical properties between lithium and sodium.
These values exceed the required distance (0.37 nm) for sodium intercalation and follow the general trend that distances between layers decrease as pyrolysis temperatures increase. The main components of HC in basic analysis are carbon (C) and oxygen (O), with the carbon content increasing as temperature increases, except for sample OP-1250 °C (Table S2 and Fig.
In this study, we investigate the multi-cationic NaSICONs Na 1+x M 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 (with M = Zr 4+ , Hf 4+ , Sn 4+ , and 0 # x # 3) by combining state-of-the-art computational tools, namely density functional theory calculations to analyse the structure at the atomic level and Kinetic Monte Carlo simulations to study the ion transport on the macroscopic level.
This behavior is consistent with previously reported mechanisms describing the repulsion-induced decrease in the diffusion coefficient during the early stages of the plateau. 30 Furthermore, high sodium ion concentrations decrease the gradient in chemical potential, reducing the driving force for further ion migration into the pore and further slowing diffusion.
Second, at further electrochemical cycling, the formed EEI is composed of C-O-C species, such as polyethylene oxide (PEO, (-CH 2 -CH 2 -O-) n ) 64 originated from direct polymerization of ethylene carbonate (EC) and diethyl carbonate (DEC) 65 , as well as NaCO 3 R (R = alkyl group/s) and Na 2 CO 3 from EC and DEC reduction as shown in C 1s and O 1s spectra 45, .
Probing electrochemical strain generation in sodium chromium oxide (NaCrO 2 ) cathode in Na-ion batteries during charge/discharge † Minal Wable, ab Batuhan Bal a and O ¨mer O ¨zgu ¨r Capraz * ab Sodium chromium oxide, NaCrO 2 , exhibits promising features as a cathode in Na-ion batteries, yet it encounters challenges with its capacity fading and poor cycle life.
Finally, the P3 phase can be prepared at lower temperatures and may exhibit high reversible capacities but usually suffers from severe capacity fade owing to poor structural stability. 146 Through integrating more than one phase into a single material, it is possible to enhance the electrochemical performance of sodium layered oxide positive electrode materials.
Kong et al. demonstrated that vanadium oxide/ porous carbon nanorods (VO x /PCs) with orderly slit-like 2D pores could be derived from MOFs and showed high rate capability and ultralong cycling life for sodium storage. 77 Recently, binary metal oxides have received widespread attention as anode materials for SIBs due to their variability of chemical composition.
The reconstructions present the mechanism behind sodium mass transport and SEI formation, and more importantly, the SEI is not selflimited in contrast to previous literature reports. The decomposition reaction products are a direct result of sodium transport, as sodium diffuses through the bulk and grain boundaries of the NASICON, the SEI forms along its pathway.
Based on these improvements, a symmetric NVP//NVP cell is achieved with a capacity retention of 86.4% after 650 cycles (with a reduced fading rate of 0.021% per cycle, star symbol in Fig. 1), and finally an ultra-stable all-solid-state sodium-ion battery is fabricated which can be operated stably even for 9000 cycles with a fading rate as low as 0.005% per cycle.
As a result, the Na + ions present in the NaSICON framework are critical for successful electrochemistry of CaxNaVP because residual Na + prevents over-calciation and the formation of redox-inactive phases during the preparation of active material, and mobile cations are required to reduce site energy difference and enable 3D diffusion of relatively slow cations.
Titanium dioxides with different polymorphs, such as anatase, rutile, TiO 2 (B) and amorphous, have been explored as anode materials for sodium ion batteries due to their high theoretical capacity of 335 mAh/g, high rate performance, good cyclability, non-toxicity and low cost (Xiong et al., 2011;Wu et al., 2015b;Lan et al., 2017;Li et al., 2017;He et al., 2018).
The long term cycling performance of the NVP anode is shown in The previous report from our group detailed the excellent electrochemical performance of NVP as an SIB cathode material using the DME electrolyte. 22 Hence, we assembled a symmetric full cell consisting of the NVP anode optimized in the present study and the NVP cathode optimized in our previous work.
As an anode, ZnSe@NCNFs delivered excellent sodium storage (119.7 mAh g -1 at 0.2 A g -1 under -40 °C) and operated efficiently at -20 to -40 °C, as shown in Fig. 14(d). 227 Additionally, the incorporation of pseudocapacitance effects has proved to be a critical strategy for LT SIBs, as surface-controlled redox reactions enable rapid ion adsorption and diffusion.
A notable challenge is the propensity of layered oxide cathode materials to frequently undergo irreversible phase transitions under high voltages, 25,26 which are typically accompanied by significant volume fluctuations, further triggering the fracture of particles or their detachment from the current collector and impairing the diffusive kinetics of sodium ions.
Microporosity significantly enhances the efficiency of sodium storage in hard carbons. 7 The presence of micropores and ultramicropores allows for the selective sieving of solvated Na + ions, which promotes desolvation and increases ionic clustering. 27 This process elevates the Na + concentration, facilitating rapid ion transport during sodiation and desodiation.
Recently, it is also proposed to be used as anode materials in SIBs, but the insulating nature of TiO 2 is still a big problem, which may result in a poor electrochemical performance, especially the rate performance. 25 TiO 2 has many structures, and the sodium storage capabilities of polymorphs such as amorphous, 26 anatase, 27 and rutile 28,29 have been studied.
As shown in Figure 3i, solvated Na ions pass through the thin pseudo-SEI layer and co-intercalate into hard carbon in the diglyme electrolyte, and desolvated Na ions pass through the thick SEI layer and intercalate into hard carbon in the EC/DMC electrolyte, and solvated Na ions failed to pass through the thick SEI created by pre-cycling in the EC/DMC electrolyte.
All of these properties influence the sodium storage mechanism and thus the operating potential of the anode at the respective state of charge, represented by the voltage profile. 7 Profound understanding of their individual and combined influence on sodium storage is a crucial requirement for future targeted improvement of the capacity and stability of HC anodes.
Comparison of the electrochemical performances of the CNF/G/MoS 2 composite with those of the MoS 2 @CNFIG hybrid further confirm the structural advantages of the vertically aligned channels and robust template matrix, which greatly contribute to the structural stability of the electrode and provide efficient pathways for the transfer of sodium ions and electrons.
Furthermore, this CEI is thought to act as a buffer to volume expansion upon extraction of sodium ions, leading to enhanced structural stability. 202 Application of an Al 2 O 3 coating using ALD has also been tested on P2-Na 2/3 (Mn 0.54 Ni 0.13 Co 0.13 )O 2 electrodes; a range of surface thicknesses were tested by coating the electrode with 2, 5 or 10 ALD cycles.
This behaviour can be explained by the fact that CO 2 adsorption is capable of analysing very narrow pores (ultramicropores), while O 2 adsorption can detect both ultramicropores and supermicropores, as highlighted by our recent work. 13 Therefore, to limit the irreversible capacity, hard carbon materials with low specific and active surface areas are recommanded.
Moreover, in a full-cell configuration, using hard carbon (HC) as an anode, P2-Na 2/3 [Fe 1/2 Mn 1/2 ]O 2 delivers a reversible capacity of 185 mAh g -1 with an average cell voltage of 2.75 V 17 ; which is comparable to the prototype cells developed by Faradion using a quaternary layered oxide (Na a Ni (1-x-y-z) Mn x Mg y Ti z O 2 ) as cathode and HC as anode 18 .
Here we report a hydrogen-free alkaline ASIB based on a Mnbased PBA cathode (Na 2 MnFe(CN) 6 , NMF), NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NTP) anode, and an affordable alkaline electrolyte of fluorine-free sodium perchlorate (NaClO 4 ) where cost is significantly less than commonly-used sodium triflate and sodium bis(trifluoromethylsulfonyl)imide in highly concentrated electrolytes.
Two independent types of sodium-ions are located in interstitial sites of the framework with different oxygen environments: a single interstitial site per unit cell with six-fold coordination (Na1 site) is occupied by a less mobile sodium-ion, while three equivalent sites per unit cell with eight-fold coordination (Na2 sites) are occupied by two mobile sodium-ions.
Considering that the Ca 2+ 6b-18e site energy difference increased by ~0.4 eV with preexisting Na + , the increase in migration barrier going from the empty NaSICON (0.98 eV, Figure 8c) to the Na-containing NaSICON (1.21 eV, Figure 8d) mostly comes from Coulombic repulsion between two neighboring Ca 2+ (18e) and Na + (6b) ions which raises the end state in the MEP.
currently, the development of the sodium-ion (na-ion) batteries as an alternative to lithium-ion batteries has been accelerated to meet the energy demands of large-scale power applications. the difficulty of obtaining suitable electrode materials capable of storing large amount of Na-ion arises from the large radius of na-ion that restricts its reversible capacity.
Therefore, the following analysis and conclusions can be adopted for the monoclinic structure. 70 As shown in Fig. 1, the rhombohedral structure consists of a rigid three-dimensional framework of corner-sharing MO 6 octahedra and PO 4 tetrahedra. 61,62,74,75,79,80 Two distinct sodium ion sites, the Na1 (6b) and Na2 (18e) sites, are located in the scaffold cavities.
Unlike in lithium-ion batteries and sodium super ion conductor (NASICON) iron phosphate-based materials, reversibility of the Fe 3+/4+ redox couple has been shown in a variety of sodium layered oxide materials. 268 In the context of sodium-ion batteries, 57 Fe Mössbauer spectroscopy is employed to probe the valence state of Fe at various states of charge/discharge.
Therefore, it is vital to fabricate a promising electrode material with large surface area to provide more active reaction sites and contact area for electrode materials and electrolyte, high electrical conductivity to ensure fast electron transport, as well as high porosity to access freely sodiation/de-sodiation and shorten the diffusion distance for sodium ions.
Additionally, the excellent repeatability of these CV curves indicates a highly reversible Na + intercalation and deintercalation process within the hard carbon structure. 8 Within the 0.01-3.0 V potential window, all electrodes distinctly display a redox peak pair, reinforcing the successful in situ creation of abundant porous structures during chemical synthesis.
In exact terms, SOC anode states ca. 0.8% at an SOC cell of 0%, taking half cell curves from literature and assuming a n : p-ration of 1.1 : 1. 35 Contrarily, the substantially sloping capacity prole of HCmaterialsdue to the non-crystalline nature of HCsresults in remaining sodium within the anode at the discharge cut-off voltage of the SIB full cell (see Fig. 2b).
Thus, solid solutions based on niobium phosphates K Na 2x Fe 1.5 Nb 0.5 (PO 4 ) 3 (0 ≤ x ≤ 1) were obtained by solid-state reaction, and incomplete mixing of Na and K in the nonframework positions of the structures was established: phases isostructural to langbeinite crystallize in the range 0 ≤ x ≤ 0.4; and phases isostructural to NASICON, in the range 0.9 ≤ x ≤ 1.
The Te 3d 3/2 and Te 3d 5/2 states linked to the Bi-Te bond in the Bi 2 Te 3 compound can be identified as the peaks at 583.6 eV and 573.2 eV. 32 To elucidate the intrinsic advantages and the sodium ion storage mechanism of Bi 2 Te 3 , a half-cell system was employed with metal sodium as the counter electrode, using the corresponding electrochemical testing methods.
The rich pore structure and tailored interlayer spacing of the resulting WC-1100 electrode facilitate high sodium ion storage capacity and efficient diffusion, yielding exceptional electrochemical performance: a reversible capacity of 307 mA h g -1 at 0.1 A g -1 , high ICE of 82.5%, and outstanding cycling stability (242.5 mA h g -1 aer 2000 cycles at 1.0 A g -1 ).
We demonstrate that it is possible to discern different sodiation mechanisms throughout cycling and provide supporting evidence for a three-stage model in which sodium ions are first adsorbed onto the surface of particles, then intercalated into the graphene layers, and finally inserted into the nanopores during the electrochemical stage known as the plateau region.
Bismuth may be less resistive during sodiation than what has been shown in literature for hard carbon, but the issue of compatibility with different electrolyte solutions, large volume change during cycling, possible formation of surface oxides, and also slow diffusion of sodium ions to the core of bismuth particles make the material challenging for high-rate cells.
This survey shows that recently discovered anode and cathode materials are sufficiently close to those enabling actual competitiveness to contemporary lithium-ion batteries, which supports the promises of leading battery producers that their next generation of sodium-ion batteries will serve as a satisfactory supplement or even replacement for lithium-ion batteries.
Aqueous sodium-ion batteries (ASIBs) are promising candidates for large-scale electric energy-storage applications due to their high rate capabilities, good cycling stabilities, and high safety. 1 Compared to conventional organic solvent electrolytes, aqueous electrolytes have a narrower stable voltage window of 1.23 V, beyond which the electrolysis of H 2 O occurs.
Additionally, the sodium-ion storage performance of V 2 C MXenes was studied as a cathode for sodium-ion hybrid capacitors against a hard carbon anode. 110 The V 2 C MXenes were prepared by a selective etching process, in which the V 2 C works in the potential range between 1.0 and 3.5 V in the cathode region, which delivered a maximum of 100 F g -1 at 0.2 mV s -1 .
Some scholars have prepared based on solution assisted solid-state reaction methods, and tested its room temperature conductivity. Thanks to the close radius of Sc3+and Zr4+, substitution does not cause significant lattice distortion, and additional sodium ions are introduced, resulting in a conductivity of 4.0 × 10 -3 S cm -1 for this material at room temperature .
During the discharge, both the Mn redox are reversibly obtained along with the appearance of Ti 3+ /Ti 4+ redox at a voltage level of 2.1 V , and a discharge capacity of 124 mAh/g is achieved, which found to be better than other reported Mn-based ternary NASICON-type cathodes , as listed in Table S2 of , considering the fact of higher Mn content in the present case.
In this perspective, we highlight (i) the specific key issues that are hindering the wider applications of these 3D Na + diffusion pathway materials, (ii) the recent novel and potential strategies to achieve high-performance SIBs, and (iii) the approaches to achieve higher energy/power densities and long-term cycling stability, and (iv) the new emerging SIB devices.
These voltage values are quite decent, along with the two sodium ion reactions per formula unit, which correspond to the M 2+ /M 3+ redox process outlined below : The structure exists in an orthorhombic system with P 2 1 2 1 2 1 space group, consisting of MO 6 of the specific capacity after 6400 cycles at 20 C, and experiences only a minimal volume change of 4.95% .
In addition to other electrolyte decomposition products, species contributing to SEI stabilization and structural stability that ensured an ICE of about 84% along with a capacity of 390.5 mAh g -1 at 1 A g -1 after 500 cycles in the full cell taking the Sn 4 P 3 HS@MXene anode coupled with the commonly used SIB cathode, NVP, were traced, as demonstrated in Figure 7B.
Thus demonstrating adequate interlayer spacing for sodium ion insertion as drawn from the Raman & TEM analysis. 51 Utilizing the Scherrer equation and ratio of crystallite size to interlayer distance, the synthesized HCs'crystallite sizes (L c ) and carbon sheet stacking order (N) are calculated from the estimated full width half maximum value of the tted 002 peaks.
Particularly, graphite is a strong candidate as a negative electrode active material for commercialized lithium-ion batteries and is used in all-solid-state lithium secondary batteries. However, graphite negative electrodes have been reported to exhibit a low capacity in sodium-ion batteries. 9 Carbon is widely used as the negative electrode for sodium-ion batteries.
The substantial improvement in electrochemical performance in the Nasicon SE-based Na-air battery originates from the in-situ formed catholyte that can lead to the chemical reactions of the discharge products formed in 1 st discharge with the ambient air, and then can activate the reversible electrochemical reactions of Na 2 CO 3 xH 2 O (Fig. 4) in subsequent cycles.
It is generally believed that the expanded layer spacing helps accelerate the conduction of electrolytes and ions, increasing the surface area of the material as well as offering abundant reaction sites. 31,33 Therefore, MoS 2 /NSGs-G with a self-supporting network structure and expanded layer spacing as the anode has the potential to enhance the sodium ions storage.
The common useful operating temperature window for these SIB electrolytes is ca. À20 1C to 40 1C, quite similar to the corresponding LIB electrolytes. 48,49 Low viscosity foremost promotes fast ion transport, but is also important for proper wetting of porous electrodes and separators-although specific surface interaction affects wetting properties to a lower extend.
For that reason, the investigation of sodium storage in dened model materials is a suitable method to get valuable insights into the underlying mechanisms under experimental conditions. For practical applications, however, such compounds are oen unsuitable because they are mainly derived from expensive precursors with multi-step and complicated synthesis protocols.
The diffuse ring observed in the selected area electron diffraction (SAED) image confirms carbon's amorphous phase. 64 The most significant properties of hard carbon, such as porosity and surface area, play a vital role in the sodium insertion mechanism into the pores and initial irreversible losses due to the formation of the solid electrolyte interface (SEI) layer.
A study conducted by Tatiana K. et al. found that in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), particularly in pouch cells with Na 2 V 2 O 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F cathode chemistry, thermal runaway is triggered by the decomposition of the anode and SEDC (Sodium ethylene dicarbonate) which is equivalent to SEI in LIBs, (between 100-115 0 C) rather than processes at the cathode (stage 1 TR).
In addition, P2-layered Na 0.6 Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 O 2 (Wang et al., 2015c), P2-Na 0.66 Co 0.33 Ti 0.67 O 2 (Guo et al., 2015b), Na 0.67 Ni 0.33 Ti 0.67 O 2 (Shanmugam and Lai, 2014), and Na 2/3 V 2/3 Ti 1/3 O 2 (Fielden et al., 2017) showed similar sodium storage voltage around 0.75 V and capacity ca. 100 mAh/g with low volume change during sodium intercalation/extraction.
As the curve is near vertical below 0.2 V, the majority of the potassiation capacity is probably from the storage of potassium ions in the nanopores of hard carbon. 7 The rate performance of the t-BTO@C electrode is exam-density is reduced from 1 to 0.5, 0.2, 0.1, and 0.05 A g -1 , the capacities are restored to 326.5, 371.4, 398.9, and 418.6 mA h g -1 , respectively.
Considering a simplified scheme for a half cell as in Fig. 1 with Na metals as a counter electrode for hard carbons ionically coupled through an electrolyte, the fundamental reaction scheme in this system is Eqn assumes that in equilibrium, the concentration of Na + in the electrolyte is constant and the total sum of Na atoms in the cathode and anode is also constant.
Additionally, Li et al. used a Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) method to modify the surface of sieving carbons; this led to high capacities (up to 390 mAh g -1 ) with around 80% ICE (at 50 mA g -1 ); it was claimed that CVD was able to regulate the pore entrance diameter, improving the screening out of solvated sodium ions and enabling the formation of sodium clusters.
In order to evaluate the electrochemical performance of the materials, slurries were prepared using the active material (Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 or Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2), super C65 carbon and Solef 5130 binder (a modified polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF)) in the mass ratio 75: 15: 10 in in n-methyl-2pyrrolidone, which was then cast on aluminum foil using a doctor blade.
Also for LIB the rst pioneering LCA focused on the production stage, and recycling issues started to be considered later. 28 Also, while new promising SIB cell chemistries have been developed such as polyanionic or prussian-blue based cathode materials, 13,14,29 neither complete environmental assessments nor detailed inventory data on these batteries is yet available.
This suggests that thermally unstable and thicker SEI layers formed on the surface in the case of the sodiated Sn electrode because of the greater decomposition of the NaPF 6 -based electrolyte, and thermal decomposition of the unstable SEI layers on the Sn electrode in the SIB system accelerates further thermal reactions between the SEI-free anode and the electrolyte.
According to the reports, the process is particularly similar to SnS, which has superior cycling performance relative to SnS 2 during cycling because it undergoes only two phase transitions less than the three phase transformation of SnS 2 . 58 In general, we synthesized pure 2H-MoS 2 by hydrothermal method and applied it as the anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
However, that migration is irreversible, and these tetrahedral Fe-ions block the diffusion of Na-ions, leading to a concentration gradient, so the cycling stability is poor despite forbidden phase transition. We have carried out a systematic study to validate the possibility of improving the manganese-rich layered Na-ion cathodes by introducing TM and oxygen vacancies.
To date, the practical application of PIBs is hampered by the lack of anode materials that can effectively mitigate against the serious volume change caused by potassiation/depotassiation. For this reason, hard carbons, already widely used in lithium-ion batteries, have attracted the attention of researchers owing to their unique turbine-like graphite domain structure.
Their general formula, Na x TMO 2 (0 < x ≤ 1, TM = Mn, Cr, Co, Ni, Fe, V, Cu, etc.), can be divided into layered (x > 0.5) and tunnel (x < 0.5) structured based on the crystal characteristics, allowing for extensive tunability. 140,150 In the layered structure, sodium ions are alternately distributed between MO 2 layers, which consist of stacked metal-oxygen octahedra.
This is oen due to their limited ability to be formed as a thin, self-standing separator capable of suppressing dendrites with low over potentials. Unlike liquid electrolytes, the use of NaFSI salt in the cross-linked solid polymer electrolyte was found to promote stable striping and plating of sodium metal, with little observable degradation when cycled to 4.50 V vs.
To provide comparable energy and power density to LIBs, SIBs use sodium metal as the anode. 3 Considerable interest has been shown in developing alternative anode materials for SIBs; 3 however, in order to expand their commercial viability, further advances in solid electrolytes are required as they facilitate the migration of charge carriers to and from the electrodes.
The 8 CN 18e (or "M2") sites surrounding these stacks host the remaining Na + ions, and calculations have shown that diffusion through this NaSICON framework involves both of these sites. 25 Traditionally, fully sodiated NVP structures have been reported to adopt this rhombohedral symmetry, particularly when parameters were refined from lab X-ray diffraction (XRD) data.
In the case of Na 3 Cr 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , the chromium is in a 3+ state with the crystal field energy stabilizing the 3d 3 configuration (stable t 3 2g ) within the octahedral environment in a rhombohedral structure having three sodium ions per f.u., out of which two are accessible for the charge storage process at a high voltage of 4.5 V corresponding to Cr 3+ /Cr 4+ redox.
Electrodes-containing Ti, such as Na 0.6 Cr 0.6 Ti 0.4 O 2 , Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/2 Ti 1/6 O2, Na 0.8 Ni 0.4 Ti 0.6 O 2, and Na 0.67 Co 0.33 Ti 0.67 O 2, etc., show a smooth sloping curve during sodium insertion and extraction, suggesting that Tisubstitution interrupted the Na + /vacancy ordering (Yoshida et al., 2014;Yu et al., 2014;Guo et al., 2015a;Wang et al., 2015c).
For the preparation of Li + /Na + half cells, the working electrodes, the counter (lithium metal/sodium metal), electrolyte (1.0 M LiPF 6 in EC:DMC:DEC = 1:1:1 Vol% with 5.0% FEC/1.0 M NaPF 6 in EC:DMC:DEC = 1:1:1 Vol% with 5.0% FEC), and separator (polypropylene membrane) were assembled to coin cells (CR2016) in the argon-filled glovebox (both H 2 O and O 2 < 0.5 ppm).
It was determined that it is favorable for large-scale production when benzene and its derivatives are applied as the carbon sources, which can be ascribed to the fact that the as-obtained carbon materials exhibited moderate sodium storage capacity but high ICE, and the as-prepared materials were easy to control due to the saturation deposition and slow deposition rate.
It has been shown that some carbons with low specic surface area and a specic degree of graphitization are preferable for use in SIBs. 18,19 Thus, choosing the hard carbon with optimal properties has a great impact on the performance of the SIB, especially on the irreversible capacity (IRC) of the 1 st cycle and initial charging/discharging coulombic efficiency (ICE).
Keywords: sodium-ion batteries, cathode materials, Na 2 Fe 0.6 Mn 0.4 PO 4 F, spray drying, electrochemical performance In recent years, the demand for lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) has increased sharply due to the rapid development of large-scale energy storage and electric vehicles (Wu et al., 2016;Li et al., 2020;Nie et al., 2020a;Shen et al., 2020;Sui et al., 2020a).
Since irreversible phase transitions easily lead to structural collapse and a rapid capacity degradation, suppressing or reducing these irreversible phase transitions is key to improving the electrochemical performance of layered oxides. (ii) Highly hygroscopic: Another challenge is the inherent hygroscopic properties of the O3-type material when exposed to ambient air.
Based on the promising outcomes observed for Na 2/3 Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 , we are currently extending this doping strategy to other layered oxides with different transition metal compositions (such as Fe-Ni, Mn rich, and Fe-Co systems) encompassing not only P2 type but also other O3/P3-type layered oxides to evaluate the generalizability of Cainduced surface stabilization.
Fewer wafer curvature studies exist on composite electrodes developed for SIB cells, although the technique has been extensively used to examine (de)sodiation stresses in thin films electrodes. 16,17 In this study, we conduct operando stress measurements on commercially relevant high-capacity NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 (NFM111) electrodes during electrochemical cycling.
This phenomenon reects the continuous growth of the poorly conductive SEI layer during cycling, and this result is consistent with previous studies, which showed that the NaPF 6 -based electrolyte could promote the formation of a copious and poorly conductive SEI layer at the surface of the hard carbon electrode compared to the NaClO 4 -based electrolyte. 25,26 In Fig.
For the recycling process 15-38.4 kWh kWh cell À1 are needed, in line with the advanced process by Du ¨senfeld, which is published by Mohr et al. 107 In contrast to the CED of battery cells based on primary materials, SIB and LFP|Gr cells exhibit the highest CED for secondary cells, as only less energy intensive materials are recovered (LFP: Li 2 CO 3 and NFM: NiSO 4 ).
Polyacrylonitrile (PAN), polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP) are widely used in electrospinning to make uniform nanobers/hollow nanowires. In our previous work, 34 hard carbon prepared through pyrolysis of PVC nanobers can achieve an initial reversible capacity of 271 mA h g À1 and retain 215 mA h g À1 aer 120 cycles at the current of 12 mA g À1 .
In our previous work, we observed generation of Na-contained spinel phases with various lattice constants in the range of a = 8.45-8.50 ¡ during SIB cycles. 18 However, the present phase has an apparently fixed value of the lattice constant, 2-3% larger than previously reported, indicating that the present phase contains more amount of Na with a rather fixed composition.
The introduction of fluorinated ether solvents into carbonate systems has been shown to reduce solvation energy, enhance electrolyte stability, and support high-capacity retention at extremely low temperatures. 103,104 These innovations contribute to the development of robust low-temperature SIB electrolyte systems with improved cycle life and fast-charging capabilities.
The HR-TEM image shows the curved, randomly oriented, 65 and stacked graphene layer from which the curvature and the interlayer spacing of the graphene layers can be qualitatively obtained. 66 Fig. 1c displays an HR-TEM image of hard carbon synthesized from resorcinol formaldehyde via the hydrothermal method at 1300 1C showing curved shortrange ordered graphitic domains.
Herein, we have successfully demonstrated stable Ni(II) sites in Prussian blue analogue (NiFe-sc-PBA) for selective and fast EGOR, achieving low applied potentials of 1.484 and 1.625 V to reach current densities (j) of 500 and 1000 mA cm -2 ,respectively, with a peak 98.5% Faradaic efficiency of formic acid (FE FA ) and robust stability at 1.60 V over 50 h (FE FA > 90%).
Sodium-ion transition metal layered oxides are capable of forming layered oxides with a variety of elements (Ni, Co, Mn, Fe, Ti, V, Cr, and Cu), 23 whereas lithium exhibits electrochemical activity only with a selected few elements (Ni, Co, and Mn). 24 Nevertheless, despite their promising attributes, several impediments persist, hindering the commercialization of LTMOs.
By comparing various P2-type materials, Zuo et al. proposed a reaction mechanism for the P2-type materials in contact with different humid atmospheres: In humid, CO 2 -free atmospheres, P2-type layered sodium oxides undergo a sodium/ proton exchange with a formation of NaOH on the surface (analogous to nickel-rich NCM materials (Shkrob et al., 2017;Pritzl et al., 2019)).
The maximum value that can be predicted by a general equation can be obtained by the following expression: Where 𝑓 is the volume fraction of the epoxy polymer, 𝐸 𝑒𝑝𝑜𝑥𝑦 is the physical property (bending strength) of the epoxy polymer, 𝐸 𝑁𝐴𝑆𝐼𝐶𝑂𝑁 is the physical property of the NASICON ceramics, and 𝐸 𝑐𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑡𝑒 is the physical property of the epoxy-NASICON composite sample.
This explains why the latter current collector shows superior performance at higher mass loading and SnSb on the flat current collector fails rapidly regardless of cycling SnSb/SS has been demonstrated as a binder and conductive additive free, long cycle life anode material for SIB when paired with HCE, displaying a reversible capacity of 378 mA h g -1 after 1500 cycles.
The excellent air/water stability of NMLMO originates from the enhanced oxygen redox reactivity and the reduced interlayer spacing by the Li dual-site substitution. 57 In summary, to counter the capacity-stability trade-off dilemma, we have developed the Li dual-site substituted P2-Na0.7Li0.03[Mg0.15Li0.07Mn0.75]O2 as a high-capacity zerostrain cathode material for SIBs.
Furthermore, the formation of vacancies at high voltages may induce ordering of sodium ions and the vacant sites, leading to structural transitions which can have detrimental effects on the electrochemical performance of P2-type materials. 23 At high voltages, sodium decient P2-type electrodes may transition to an O2-type structure, with the stacking sequence (.ABAC..).
Among these materials, the P2-type layered oxide with formula (Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 ) has drawn significant attention as a cathode material for NIBs because of its high operating voltage of ∼3.8V and large specific capacity of ∼173 mAh g -1 (one of the highest energy densities documented so far among the transition metal (TM) oxides from P2type layered oxides class) .
When the analysis is performed in the scale of a few unit cells, while the tetragonal model stays consistent, the cubic one loses his descriptive power, and it becomes clear that the average cubic structure does not match with the local ordering of the system, with the Na-ion sublattice being the most difficult to describe based on the available average structural models.
Na-ion batteries (SIBs) have been emerging for a decade, and represent a real challenger to Li-ion batteries (LIBs) which have dominated the electrochemical energy storage domain for more than 30 years. While the natural abundance and low cost of sodium precursors represent a real advantage for SIBs, there are still several issues preventing their large-scale application.
In contrast, hard carbon (HC) has been widely used due to its highly disordered structure and large interlayer distance. 8 So, the insertion of Na + into HC carbon layers and micropores can lead to a relatively reversible capacity of only 270 mA h g -1 . 9,10 In addition to this limited capacity, the disordered structure of HC prevents it attaining high-rate capabilities.
Abundant edge-N doping can not only broaden the interlayer spacing, but also elevate the contribution of pseudocapacitance, representing the better rate performance, capacity and cycle performance of hard carbon materials. 98 For N-5 and N-6, which can introduce vacancy defects in the carbon layer, there is a slight difference in their contribution to the storage of K + .
Promoting further oxidation of Mn with the creation of in-plane vacancies under more oxidizing synthetic conditions is demonstrated by the XANES spectrum of as-prepared Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 of which the inflection point is nearly overlapped with that of Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 after charge to 3.8 V and 4.3 V where the Mn oxidation state is nearly tetravalent (Figure S6).
Under such conditions, hysteresis dynamics result in premature cut-off voltages, limiting effective capacity, while surface sodium metal deposition at potentials above the sodium deposition potential further exacerbates irreversible capacity loss. 45,46,189 These combined factors restrict HC's development as a high-performance anode material for SIBs in cold environments.
Most recently, a range of hard carbons at different annealing temperatures were prepared, and the number of structural defects was quantified via the ratio of the areas of the Raman G and D band peaks. 8 A correlation between the D : G band ratio and the observed capacity during the sloping region was then observed, intercalation being proposed to occur at lower voltages.
In this work, we report on an investigation of the structure and/or Na + /Ca 2+ environment(s) of a variety of chemically prepared NaSICON CaxNayV2(PO4)3 phases which were characterized using synchrotron XRD, SEM-EDS, Substantially reducing global dependence on fossil fuels relies on the development of a variety of efficient and cost-effective energy storage technologies.
For the solid-state synthesis of the NASICON compounds, typical metal oxides or hydroxides (HfO 2 (Aldrich, 99.8%), MgO (Aldrich, ≥99.99%), Sc 2 O 3 (Sigma, 99.9%), Zr(OH) 4 (Aldrich, 97%), SnO 2 (Alfa Aesar, 99.9%), CaO (Sigma-Aldrich, 99.9%), In 2 O 3 (Sigma, 99.998%), Y 2 O 3 (Sigma, nanopowder, <50 nm particle size)) were used as precursors to introduce metal cations.
During the discharge process, the potential gradually decreased and the peak intensity of the C=N bond gradually weakened, indicating that the C=N bond was reduced, and a new peak at 1440 cm -1 corresponding to the C-N-Na bond in the FT-IR spectrum appeared and gradually strengthened, indicating that sodium ion storage depends on the conversion of C=N bond to C-N-Na bond.
Elevated carbonization temperatures promote the formation of tightly stacked disordered carbon layers while suppressing defect adsorption in the slope region, underscoring the critical role of structural disorder in optimizing Na + storage efficiency. 75 In this study, we investigated the sodium storage mechanism in a carbon system that follows the "house of cards" model.
• One-dimensional elongated TiS 2 -modified and S-doped TiO 2 /C nanofibers electrode was synthesized through electrospinning, which exhibited a high specific capacity, excellent cyclic stability, and rate capability in sodium-ion battery. • An enhanced pseudo-capacitive capacity because of S doping and TiS 2 decoration contributes to noticeable sodium storage performance.
Herein, we propose the preparation of SbPO 4 /BC x hybrid anodes for sodium-ion batteries by a facile conversion of Sb to SbPO 4 through one-step annealing of a solid mixed powder of Sb/BC x and NH 4 H 2 PO 4 , in which the Sb/BC x composites were fabricated by pyrolyzing antimony acetate impregnated ammonium pentaborate/starch xerogels at 800 1C under an argon atmosphere.
To explore the mechanism of sodium storage, we used a hard carbon material (abbreviated as HC) previously reported by our group, obtained from the thermal condensation of the oligo-EDOT precursor at 1000 1C. 26 At the nanoscale, HC displays pseudo-graphitic domains with a short-range order, as confirmed by high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM) (Fig. 1b).
As a result, the initial coulombic efficiency of the P2-type material is much higher than 100%, which makes anode coupling difficult and hinders practical applications. 44,45 For the pure O3-type material, the rst charge capacity of 138 mA h g À1 is higher than the respective discharge capacity of 110 mA h g À1 , which can be attributed to its sufficient sodium reservoir.
This decay behavior may be attributed to the inferior adhesion strength between the active materials and carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC) binder along with a current rush and sodium ion insertion/extraction shock. Clearly, during preliminary 8-23 cycles, for B-TiO2(B)electrode, it displays a gradually increasing of capacity (the charge capacity from 170.5 to 188.7 mAh g -1 ).
Parent carboxylic acids can offer charge storage ability, however, the Na-ion-insertion is associated with liberation of gases, lower initial coulombic efficiencies (ICE), and large structural changes, which affect the cycling performance. 34,42 Based on the results for half-cells, Na-BDC (M-1) and Na-NDC (M-1) were chosen for testing in full-cells vs. oxide-based cathode.
During the late plateau, we propose that sodium ions form quasi-metallic clusters, reducing local charge repulsion and enabling denser multilayer-like packing, which corresponds to the observed increase in the diffusion coefficient. 47 This process resembles again the saturation of adsorption sites in BET theory, where multilayer adsorption culminates in pore condensation.
Through plotting log(i) versus log(v) and further fitting, the b values are 0.89 and 0.92 (Figure 4B) for the cathodic and anodic peak marked in the CV curves, showing its favorable capacitive feature upon sodium storage, which results from its structure advantages including urchin-like morphology, porous structure, rich defects, and high doping contents (Li et al., 2021e).
The exchange current density on the cathode surface is determined using the Butler-Volmer equation: where i is the current density, i 0 is the exchange current density (related to the sodium ion concentration in the cathode), α a is the anodic charge transfer coefficient, α c is the cathodic charge transfer coefficient, η is the overpotential, and F is the Faraday constant.
Particularly, the initial coulombic efficiency (ICE), a quantiable indicator of SIB reversibility, closely relates to the structure and quality of SEI, which, in turn, inuences the lifespan and rate capability of SIBs. Therefore, it becomes imperative to consider the interfacial stability at the electrode/electrolyte interface when designing CoS-based electrode materials.
S31A andB Herein, the kinetic behavior of the MnF 2 8# and MnF 2 8#-E electrodes showed obvious differences between Li-ion storage (surface control/diffusion control) and Na-ion storage (diffusion control/surface control), which may be due to the difference in the radius of the Na and Li ions and the surface morphology and structure of the MnF 2 8# and MnF 2 8#-E materials.
In the sodium metal cell investigated in this work, the presence of the first additional sodium peak at -7 ppm is believed to be associated with the trapping of sodium within the carbon WE (see Supplementary Fig. 4 and Supplementary Table 3), whereas the second electrolytic peak at 1 ppm is attributed to the formation of degradation products, possibly part of the SEI layer.
The above results including excessive Na removal behavior of the host structure and the participation of anionic O 2-in redox at high voltages are both supposed to be detrimental to the cycling stability of Na0.55, yet its capacity is well preserved after extensive cycling, which is indispensable from its unique structural properties, as will be discussed in later sections.
Nevertheless, the use of pure carbon materials, exempt of inorganic impurities (like herein), is another important criterion, since such impurities found in natural-derived hard carbons might also lead to irreversible capacity increase. 19 In summary, it was found that the hard carbon irreversible capacity diminishes with both the total surface area and active surface area.
Moreover, a near complete capacity was observed when the current reverted back to C/10, which indicated rapid kinetics during sodiation/desodiation, as well as exceptional electrode stability. 61 Kim et al. fabricated layered Na[Ni 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 ]O 2 via a solid-state synthesis and tested this in both half (vs. sodium metal) and full (vs. hard carbon) cell conguration.
Will map mechanical properties using grid indentation and AFM, along with FIB/SEM and EBSD, to help establish relationships between microstructure, mechanical properties, and electrochemical performance and durability. • Grain vs. grain boundary properties that may lead to preferential Na plating •Temperature could affect electrochemical and mechanical properties of NaSICON
Synthesis conditions can also explain these observations since in synthesis route A NaBH 4 was rst added to the MXene suspension; therefore, the sodium-ions can be electrostatically adsorbed on the surface of the MXene. 76,77 Due to this, the remaining free areas on the surface are limited for Sb 3+ adsorption, whereby these are diffused more efficiently between the layers.
The much steeper straight line in the low frequency region suggests that a better Na-ion kinetics in SnO 2 /NG electrode than in SnO 2 /G electrode. 48 The improved Na-ion kinetics could be due to the higher electronegativity of NG than that of graphene. 61 The ac impedance spectra can be modeled by the modified Randles equivalent circuit presented in the inset in Fig. 7(b).
Hard carbons from organic polymer-based precursors mainly belong to organic resin precursors like polyacrylonitrile (PAN), 129 phenolic resin, 44 epoxy resin, 130 and conducting organic polymers such as polyaniline (PANI). 131 Among these, the resorcinol formaldehyde resin (RF-resin) is an excellent precursor due to the ease of synthesis, availability, and high carbon yield.
Therefore, the potential development direction of electrolyte is polymer electrolyte, because polymer electrolyte combines the advantages of both liquid and solid electrolytes, liquid electrolyte has good ionic conductivity, solid electrolyte can inhibit the growth of dendrites, so the polymer electrolyte can make the sodium-ion battery have good low-temperature performance.
In particular, it was shown to deliver a specific capacity of about 150 mA h g À1 in half-cells vs. sodium with an average discharge voltage around 2.0 V, and about 125 mA h g À1 in full-cells with a pre-cycled hard carbon at a rate of 0.1C (1 Na + per Na 2 Fe 2 OS 2 formula in 10 h). 5 However, the impressive capacity values decay relatively fast with each subsequent cycle.
Owing to the stability of divalent iron ions, the shorter electron/ion diffusion pathway and fewer defect sites of the hollow structure, the obtained Prussian blue exhibits excellent electrochemical performance (specific capacity of 133.6 mA h g À1 at 1C, 1C ¼ 170 mA g À1 ), which can put forward a new avenue to engineer advanced electrode materials for sodium ion batteries.
Sodium-ion batteries (Naion batteries; NIBs) are promising candidates for large-scale applications because sodium resources are abundant in the earth's crust and sea water. 9,10 Moreover, although copper current collectors are needed for the negative electrodes in LIBs, inexpensive aluminum current collectors can be used for both the negative and positive electrodes in NIBs.
Previous studies of β''alumina proposed that Poiseuille pressure-driven cracking (Mode I) and recombination of ions and electrons within the solid electrolyte (Mode II) are the two main mechanisms for Na penetration, but a comprehensive study of Na penetration in NaSICON is necessary, particularly at high current This paper describes objective technical results and analysis.
The thermal and structural stability of battery cathodes is critical for performance and durability, but achieving an optimal balance in Transition Metal (TM) cathodes requires T max-Score = T max T max-m T Score = T Onset-Score + T tr-Score + T max-Score 3 Fig. 2 Comparative assessment of thermal hazards of SIB and LIBs tradeoffs (decomposes at temperatures around 200 0 C).
The synergistic influence of low ion diffusion pathways and high ion diffusion coefficient benefited from the quantum-sized morphology with the dual benefit of added electrical conductivity by the graphitic network, which resulted in a superb SIB anode capacity of 450 mAh g -1 at a current density of 0.05 A g -1 and a capacity of 75 mAh g -1 at a current density of 5 A g -1 .
Nevertheless, the intercalation of sodium (discharge) into the O3 phase predominantly follows a solid solution reaction mechanism, similar to that of various O3-type layered Na x TMO 2 . 45 This explains (from a structure point of view) the near flat plateau for the initial charge curve (two phase reaction) and the slope-like initial discharge curve (solid solution reaction).
The rechargeable sodium ion batteries have attracted and developed for the large scale electricity storage implications and in the smart grid applications with comparable performance with lithium ion batteries.The organic electrodes in the sodium ion batteries enriches the energy or power density and also metal free, eco friendly, flexibility, light weight and cost effective.
When applied in the anode of LIBs and SIBs, the large surface area and abundant nitrogen and oxygen functional groups can help generate high lithium and sodium storage capacity through surface adsorption and faradic reaction , while the expanded graphitic layers and hierarchical porous channels can accelerate the transportation of electrolyte and improve the rate performance.
It is worth noting that the presence of graphitic and pyridinic N species into the nanocomposite has been reported to improve its electronic conductivity, since they are active sites for Li + /Na + insertion. 26,35,36 Sodium storage performance of the N-doped and control nanocomposite was evaluated by different electrochemical techniques aer assembling sodium coin half-cells.
A capacity of 76 mA h g -1 is lost during the rst cycle, which could be due to electrolyte decomposition and/or partial entrapment of Na + ions in the NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 framework. 56,57 The voltage-capacity proles of the second and third cycles neatly superimpose on each other with reversible capacities and coulombic efficiencies of ∼150 mA h g -1 and 95%, respectively.
As a result, SnSb displays enhanced cyclability compared to the independent metals. 9 A number of studies have displayed the potential of SnSb as a SIB anode, 9,10,15 however, much of the work showing long cycle lives have been reported with complex synthesis procedures. 16,17 Beyond material selection, electrolyte choice is also critical to unlock optimum battery performance.
Delmas first categorized the LTMOs into O-type and P-type structures by delineating the distinctive chemical environments that surround the Na + layers within the layers. 45 In the O-type structure, sodium ions occupy the octahedral sites formed by oxygen atoms (2/3 < x < 1), while in the P-type structure, they occupy the prismatic sites formed by oxygen atoms (1/2 < x < 2/3).
Despite a theoretical capacity of 335 mAh/g (based on the insertion of 1.0 Na-ion per TiO 2 formula unit), TiO 2 polymorphs such as anatase and TiO 2 (B) have shown much lower reversible capacities, rarely exceeded 200 mAh/g when cycled versus Na. 103,104 This is primarily due to the fact that Na-ion intercalation into crystalline TiO 2 phases is thermodynamically unfavorable.
Here, we report on the use of ambient air as a fuel in a Nasicon (Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 ) solid electrolyte(SE)-based Na-air battery requiring no additional devices by exploiting reversible Na 2 CO 3 • xH 2 O (x = 0 or 1) reactions during cycling, leading to the highest operating voltage (~3.4 V) among metal-air batteries based on metal oxides or carbonate/ hydroxide reactions.
The in situ PXRD studies have revealed the sodium-ion storage mechanism in disordered hard carbons. 60,61 The degree of disordering of the hard carbon can be well understood by Raman spectroscopy. 62,63 The ''D'' bands that appear in the range of 1340-1360 cm À1 suggest defects in the structure, whereas the ''G'' bands at around 1580-1600 cm À1 are typical of graphitic layers.
They have shown their potential in SIBs and PIBs by their low surface area, high nanopore volume, better structural stability, and high capacity of more than 350 mA h g À1 with significant PRC contribution. 36,38,42,53 Here, we discuss the different synthesis methods for the micro-spherical hard carbon from diverse precursors and the effects on the electrochemical performance.
• MoO 2.0 N 0.5 atomic nanoclusters bonded on nanosheets of N/C hierarchical hollow microsphere are synthesized via a facile self-templating strategy. • Introduction of MoO 2.0 N 0.5 atomic nanoclusters benefits the enhancement of electrochemical kinetic. • Composite of MoO 2.0 N 0.5 /NC shows excellent electrochemical performance as an anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
Hard carbon (HC) is composed of randomly-oriented curved graphene nanosheets, turbostratically stacked with rich pores; these special structural characteristics endow HC with favorable capability for Na-storage. 3,7 Typically, the charge/discharge proles of HC exhibit a slope region (>0.1 V) and a plateau region (<0.1 V), showing a reversible capacity of about 300 mA h g -1 .
In the potassiation process, the local intercalation reaction takes place between the turbine-like quasigraphitic domain layers of hard carbons. In the process of potassiation, volume expansion of hard carbons (about 160%) occurs by gradually intercalating K + with a large ionic radius, and the most direct result is the gradual enlargement of spacing between hard carbon layers.
NASICON-type phosphates, such as A y V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (A = Li, Na or K) , A y Ti 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (A = Li, Na or K) , Na 3 MnTi(PO 4 ) 3 and Li 1.5 Cr 0.5 Ti 1.5 (PO 4 ) 3 etc. are the most commonly used electrode materials in the symmetric Li-ion, Na-ion and K-ion batteries, due to the two well separated redox pairs, such as V 3+ /V 2+ and V 4+ /V 3+ redox couples (1.6 V and 3.4 V vs.
S1(a), † consistent with previous reports. 21,22,25 The structure of Na 4/7 [, 1/7 Mn 6/7 ]O 2 consists of one Na + ion (Na1) which occupies distorted prismatic sites above and below the vacant Mn sites, and the other Na + ion (Na2) occupies distorted octahedral sites, the Mn 4+ ions occupy octahedral sites with distorted P3-type oxygen stacking (ABBCCA), as shown in Fig. 1(b).
Different from graphite, hard carbon (HCs) materials with high specic capacities (z300 mA h g -1 ) and excellent cost-effectiveness are considered to be the most feasible anode materials of SIBs for further commercialization. 7 As typical eco-friendly resources, biomass has become a global hot topic of sustainable chemistry due to its great potential for practical application.
Further reduction of the temperature to 700 C results in formation of a pure P3-type material. 159 The best trade-off between high initial capacity and cycling stability was found for the P2-type material synthesised at 800 C, while the P2(70%)/P3(30%)-Na x Ni 0.22 Co 0.11 Mn 0.66 O 2 material displayed improved electrochemical performance compared to the pure P3-type material.
A similar phenomenon was reported for the NaFePO 4 phase in Na cells, in which an intermediate composition of Na 0.7 FePO 4 was formed during the charge processes while the discharge processes happened without any intermediate composition. 29,30 The initial discharge capacity of p-NVPox was 101 mA h g À1 , which is reasonably close to the theoretical capacity of 115 mA h g À1 .
In the P3 phase, Na is in trigonal prismatic coordination, which is simply caused by the TMO2 δ-layers with less negative charge so that the trigonal prismatic environment is favored over the octahedral one. 45,60 On discharge, the P3-type monoclinic phase remains at the partial sodiation and mostly transforms back into the original O3type layer structure (Figure S6c, point 5).
A rational design of a hetero-structured cathode is proposed, combining a highcapacity O3-type core with a structurally stable P2-type Na 2/3 MnO 2 coating on the surface (Fig. 6a). 106 The protective P2-Na 2/3 MnO 2 layer not only bolsters the cathode's resilience against air and heat exposure but also enhances electrochemical kinetics and minimizes charge transfer resistance.
Data analysis was performed using the Visual Molecular Dynamics package (VMD). 50 The set of interatomic potential and shell model parameters used in this study have been shown to reliably reproduce the structural features of unstrained LiFePO 4 and NaFePO 4 , as well as their defect, transport and surface properties, 45,46, providing a good starting point for our calculations.
Carbon xerogels (CXs) are hard carbons obtained by evaporative drying and pyrolysis of organic gels, e.g., resorcinol-formaldehyde aqueous gels. They are composed of spherelike microporous nodules, the size of which can be tailored from a few nm to a few µm by modifying the gel composition. Consequently, the meso/macropore texture can also be tailored from a few nm to a few µm.
As designated, the present cellulose-PAN-Al 2 O 3 composite separator exhibits acceptable physico-chemical properties, namely, a Gurley value of 153.3 s, ionic conductivity of electrolyte soaked in separator of 0.751 mS cm -1 , transference number of sodium ions of 0.78, contact angle of 0 • , puncture strength of 2.22 MPa, and thermal stability up to 300 • C without shrinkage.
Na + /Na (x $ 0.4 in Na 1Àx FeO 2 ), which explained the severe capacity fading. 56 Moving on, the partial substitution of Fe with Co in NaFeO 2 has been effectively shown to suppress the iron migration that was previously observed in the rst principle calculations. 57 The cycling performance of O3-type NaFe 1/2 Co 1/2 O 2 compared to NaFeO 2 and NaCoO 2 , is shown in Fig. 3c.
Typically, the solvation shell in diglyme is reported to have about two diglyme molecules per sodium ion (Na + [diglyme] 2 complex), whereas carbonate-based electrolytes form larger solvation shells with 3 to 4 molecules. 41 The higher dielectric constant of carbonate solvents (i.e., 89.8 for EC) 40b also increases its polarity, creating a higher energy barrier for desolvation.
The absence of semi-circles in these spectra confirms that the glassy phase does not contribute to the ionic conductivity and the presence of NASICON crystalline phase is responsible for ionic conductivity of glass-ceramics specimens, as discussed earlier. • The base and B 2 O 3 including glass-ceramic materials were successfully manufactured via one-step heat treating process.
Na 3 (VOPO 4 ) 2 F was chosen as a cathode active material due to its (i) moderate volume change upon cycling (2.2%), 49 (ii) high theoretical capacity (130 mA h g À1 ), and (iii) stable cycling performance reported in liquid electrolytes. In addition, (iv) the redox potentials for the extraction/insertion of two sodium ions per formula unit were adjusted to 3.6 V and 4.0 V vs.
We demonstrate the feasibility of assembling full Na-ions cells showing marked enhancements in energy storage density (10-30%) by using 'Na 3 þ x V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 ' and P 0 2-Na 1 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 as positive electrodes, respectively, with an extra 7% been achievable for the latter by adding proper amounts of Na 3 P sacrificial salt to P 0 2-Na 1 [Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 ]O 2 powders.
It suggests that the intercalation energy initially decreases at the concentration from 0.00 to 0.33 as the effective interaction of the sodium ions is attractive, and then increases at the concentration from 0.33 to 1.00 when the Fig. 3 The theoretical capacity of MX 2 (M = Ti, V, Cr, Mn and Fe; X = N and O) materials. effective interaction of the sodium ions becomes repulsive.
It can be seen from the figure that the specific capacity of the positive pole material is lower than that of the negative pole material, which has become a bottleneck limiting the large-scale application of high-energy-density sodium-ion batteries. , therefore, the development of high-capacity, high-voltage, and highly reversible sodium storage cathode materials has become key.
These so-called ''internal pores'' or ''closed pores'' can neither be accessed by most gases in ordinary physisorption measurements, nor by the electrolyte components other than sodium upon cycling. 15,16 Internal pores as well as the spaces between the sheets are both apparently involved in sodium storage, but the detailed mechanism of sodiation in HC is still under discussion.
Compared with layered NaNiO2 with single transition metal, the multi-step character of charge and discharge profiles is clearly suppressed and even disappeared in the titanium-substituted Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2, replaced by the smooth charge-discharge profiles. 27,41,42 The detailed structural change with sodium extraction and insertion will be investigated in the subsequent section.
It is also noteworthy to mention here that despite having a lower surface area and larger crystallite size of TiO 2 -G (35 m 2 g À1 , 20 nm) than TiO 2 (80 m 2 g À1 , 11 nm), TiO 2 -G shows better electrochemical stability and sodium storage capacities. 11 The coating of TiO 2 by graphene might also reduce side reactions and hence will benefit higher coulombic efficiency values.
Despite this undesirable rate capability, expanded graphite exhibits impressive cyclability, with 74% capacity retention after 2000 cycles. 27 Hard carbons and doped graphene foam have also been reported as promising anodes, in which surface Na-ion adsorption reportedly adds to interlayer intercalation and results in practical capacities of 431 mAh/g and 220 mAh/g, respectively.
Recently sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted great attention and been considered to substitute the dominant lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) in large scale energy storage devices (ESDs), because it not only has similar working principle to lithium-ion battery, but also has the superior advantages of abundant natural reserves, wide distribution and low cost of sodium resource .
In addition, the same research group considered a film-forming modulation strategy, which improved the ionic transport capability and structural/thermal stability of CEI/SEI (solid electrolyte interphase) by optimizing the interfacial formation of P/Si intermediates, enabling stable operation of the SIB over a wide temperature range (-25 °C to 75 °C), Reproduced with permission .
While, with the commercialization of the first generation Na-ion batteries by CATL (https://www.catl.com/en/news/665.html), where Prussian while was applied as cathode material, Prussian Blue Analogues have shown great potential and attracted wide interest. the space group Fm3m related to the partly occupied vacancies, which might result from the conditions of the crystal growth.
Adv., 2020, 1, 206--214 | 213 In summary, we propose a SbPO 4 /BC x hybrid anode for sodium-ion batteries by a facile conversion of Sb to SbPO 4 through one-step annealing of a solid mixed powder of Sb/BC x and NH 4 H 2 PO 4 , where the Sb/BC x composites are prepared by pyrolyzing antimony acetate impregnated ammonium pentaborate/starch xerogels under an Ar atmosphere at 800 1C.
Further studies related to the HC structure, 11 electrolyte, electrolyte additives, binder, and other alkali-metal ions i.e., K + , 68 Rb + , 69 and Cs + , 70 furthermore, alloys, 71 layered oxides, polyanion compounds, and Prussian blue analogues, 34,63,72 are currently ongoing. electrode collected at various temperature, equivalent circuit for EIS analysis, and evaluated R ct .
It takes into account the whole life cycle, from resource extraction over production, use phase until the end-of-life handling, and recycling/ disposition of waste. 18,19 This paper quantifies the environmental impacts associated with the production of an SIB consisting of layered oxide and hard carbon electrode materials by means of LCA in order to compare it with existing LIBs.
The growing metallic character of the sodium corresponds to the increasing pore size with temperature and is consistent with the growth of sodium clusters within the pores (Fig. 4b andc). 33 Here, beyond the first adsorbed monolayer, sodium ions must necessarily be reduced to minimise charge repulsion which would otherwise prevent confinement of many sodium ions within one space.
Similar findings that doping to the 1T phase leads to larger changes in the PDOS than that to the 2H phase were also reported in previous studies. The layered M 0.125 Mo 0.875 S 2 compound can retain the metallic properties during the Na atom intercalation process, as shown in Fig. 8i-p, proving the feasibility of M 0.125 Mo 0.875 S 2 as an anode material for sodium-ion batteries.
The electrochemical performance of TPDA-ABDC was tested through galvanostatic and voltametric methods in half-cells with sodium metal as the counter electrode and a 0.3 M NaPF 6 in a EC : PC (1 : 1 v/v) electrolyte system. 28 This electrolyte was selected after showing a high Coulombic efficiency (499%), which was unattainable in 1.0 M and 2.0 M NaPF 6 in EC:DEC electrolytes (Fig.
Despite great advancements, cathode materials still encounter challenges such as limited insertion/extraction of Na-ions, irreversible phase transitions, and even structural collapse The migration dynamics of sodium ions and stability of the structural framework play an important role in the energy density, long cycle life and high-rate performance of positive electrode materials.
Anantharamulu et al. produce a thorough survey of the possible component options when synthesizing NASICON of the АМ 1 М 2 (PO 4 ) 3 type, where "A" may be an alkaline ion (Li, Na, K, Rb, NH 4 ), an alkaline earth ion (Mg, Ca, Sr, Ba), "M 1 " and "M 2 " can be of the bivalent ion group (Zn, Cd, Ni, Co), trivalent ions of Fe, V, Al, Ti or ions of Zr, Hf, Si, As with higher valence.
Na + ion/vacancy ordering has been reported at particular Na stoichiometries in Na x MnO 2 compounds, 11,14,33,34 and can be a significant obstacle to fast Na-ion motion. 46,47 Na + ion/vacancy superstructures result from the interplay between the repulsive Na + -Na + interactions, Na + -TM n+ interactions, and from TM n+ /TM (n+1)+ charge ordering on the transition metal lattice.
Studies of sodium ions in a solvation shell of ether electrolyte into graphite, resulting in the formation of ternary graphite intercalation compounds (t-GICs), report about a generally low storage capacity, approximately half of that of LIBs. To date, non-graphitizing hard carbon materials (HCs) are the most promising candidates for the use as negative electrode materials in SIBs.
To meet the increasing requirements for improved power and energy densities and their environmental impact, continuous research is conducted for next-generation battery materials that are more sustainable and offer enhanced electrochemical performance. 1 Many alternatives to commercial battery materials can be synthesized by derivatization from Prussian blue and its analogs (PBAs).
A working electrode made of each HC sample with PVDF binder (Kureha Chemical Inds.) (9 : 1 by weight) and a counter electrode of sodium metal (Kanto Chemical) were assembled with 1 M NaPF 6 /propylene carbonate (PC, battery grade; Kishida Chemical) and uoroethylene carbonate (FEC, 2 wt%) as an additive. 28 Chargedischarge proles were collected by HJ1001-SD8 system (Hokuto Denko).
The XRD pattern can be completely indexed with (P 1) space group with the cell parameters: a = 8.7153 Å, b = 9.0908 Å, c = 22.6495Å, a = 89.112°, b = 90.052°and g = 119.912°, similar to NASICON-Na 3 Ti 2 (PO 4 ) 3 . 58,59 In this structure, sodium ions fully and partially occupy Na(1a-d) and Na(2a-f) sites which correspond to the Na and Na sites of the R 3c structure, respectively.
Extensive efforts have been made to promote the plateau capacity of HC materials, into which doping covalent heteroatoms (N, B, F, P or S) has been extensively explored. 8,9 For example, Wu et al. 10 prepared phosphorus-doped hard carbon nanobers via electrospinning treating PAN/H 3 PO 4 precursors, and the plateau capacity of P-doped CFs-P15 was extended from 32 to 54 mA h g -1 .
Even reversible transformations are not desirable because they can have negative impacts on capacity retention by inducing stacking faults and lattice volume changes which can give rise to shear lattice strain. 62 A comprehensive review into the adverse effect of interlayer gliding on the electrochemical performance of sodium layered transition metal oxides can be found in ref. 21.
Our results are broadly consistent with the ndings of Dahn et al. who carried out an in situ SAXS experiment on the sodiation of hard carbon using laboratory X-rays and a C-rate of C/ 90. 12 The discharge prole reported had a different shape to ours which makes direct comparison difficult; this could be due to the slower C-rate used or the type of carbon used (pyrolyzed glucose).
Given the increasing commercialization of SIBs, future research must focus on: • Assessing TR tolerance and gas emission behavior under different conditions. • Developing advanced thermal management strategies specific to Na-ion chemistry. • Investigating new electrode materials that enhance thermal stability. • Performing large-scale safety evaluations under real-world conditions.
Overall, this work demonstrates that microwave irradiation can be a powerful tool for rapid and energy-efficient syntheses of carboxylate-based organic compounds in good yields and gram scale, with satisfactory structural and electrochemical features for implementation as anode materials for Na-ion batteries, offering opportunities for scale-up methods and practical implementation.
Anantharamulu et al. produce a thorough survey of the possible component options when synthesizing NASICON of the АМ 1 М 2 (PO 4 ) 3 type, where "A" may be an alkaline ion (Li, Na, K, Rb, NH 4 ), an alkaline earth ion (Mg, Ca, Sr, Ba), "M 1 " and "M 2 " can be of the bivalent ion group (Zn, Cd, Ni, Co), trivalent ions of Fe, V, Al, Ti or ions of Zr, Hf, Si, As with higher valence .
In contrast, another 1T-MoS 2 based on tetragonal symmetry with edge-sharing [MoS 6 ] octahedra in the metallic phase delivers a much higher conductivity ($10 7 times) than 2H-MoS 2 . These merits of MoS 2 make it an appealing anode material and stimulated much investigation to explore the underlying sodium storage mechanism, especially the distinct rise in capacity during cycling.
These results support the viewpoint that growth of a Na-LTO phase is attained via migration of the two-phase interface from the Na-LTO side to the Li-LTO side, associated with Na diffusion preferentially occurring in the Na-LTO phase from the surface to the two-phase interface, where Na-ion insertion into the Li-LTO side and the phase conversion should dominate the rate properties.
In the case of low temperature (T < 150 °C) molten sodium batteries, however, NaSICON displays higher ionic conductivities compared to 13"-A1203 at low temperature.4, 10, 22 o Na-lnm A Na-Cs Na-Bim x Na-K181 0 Na-Sn Na-Rb Coatings: Bi -100nmm Pb µ-spheres [9 To date there have been few studies on the improvement of the interface between molten sodium and NaSICON at low temperature.
Based on the above characteristics, herein, phytic acid (PA)-modied spherical hard carbon is synthesized by a hydrothermal-carbonization method and subsequent pyrolytic treatment (Scheme 1), and the optimized P-doped spherical hard carbon (PHC-0.2) delivered a total reversible capacity of 343 mA h g -1 with an enhanced plateau capacity of 227 mA h g -1 and an ultra-high ICE of 92%.
In this light, Na-ion batteries have become an important alternative because of their high energy density, easy availability, and the environmental benignity of sodium. However, it is necessary to develop high-performance sodium battery cathodes by identifying new intercalation hosts and/or performing structural modifications of existing materials using various synthetic strategies.
Designing anodes with materials having a high specic capacity, high conductivity and high sodium storage capacity has proven to be a successful strategy for Naion batteries. 10,11 Previously, various materials, including transition metal oxides (TMOs) such as Mn 2 O 3 , 15 Mn 3 O 4 , 16 Fe 3 O 4 17 and Co 3 O 4 18 have been investigated for synthesising anodes for Na-ion batteries.
A previous study demonstrated that the solvent reorganization from optimal intermolecular interactions reinforced the long-range solution network and thus enabled the improved performance of Na-ion batteries. 32 Currently, fundamental understandings of solvation structures are largely lacking for Na-ion batteries, which restricts the development of high-performance Na-ion batteries.
It is very likely that the Mg 2+ migration during charge and counter migration during discharge have dramatically different energy pathways, similar to the cation migration in the Li-excess materials such as Li[Li 0.2 Ni 0.13 Co 0.13 Mn 0.54 ]O 2 . 46,47 This synergistic effect results in the very different charge/discharge profiles for the current P3-type Na 2/3 Mg 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 .
The crucial feature of this structure is that cubic particles of Mn 2 O 3 are approximately 1-2 µm in size and are composed of numerous nanoparticles (sub-units) of 40-50 nm grown on the surface, leading to more accessible sites for electrolyte penetration into the bulk of the electrode, which facilitates ion transportation thereby promoting the insertion/deinsertion of Na-ions 13 .
When classified using the nomenclature of Delmas for different layered variants of the general a-NaFeO2 class of compounds 17, Na(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2 is described as having an O3-type structure, where the "O" indicates that the A cations (Na) are in an octahedral coordination, and the "3" indicates that the B cation layers have a consistent stacking sequence with a period of three layers.
Although we systematically studied the compositional bounds on phase stability of NASICONs in recent work 36 , a general picture of the relationship between the compositional variables of NASICON materials and their conductivities, is essential to provide guiding principles for the design of high-performance NASICON conductors in such a large, yet partially uncharted chemical space.
While other studies have focused on particular individual techniques to elucidate the storage mechanisms, our work brings together complementary methods to not only extensively characterise the carbon structural evolution with temperature, but also the sodium environment during electrochemical cycling, to provide fundamental understanding of sodium storage behaviour in hard carbons.
Initially, NASICON-related papers were identified by applying named entity recognition algorithms 43,44,76 and specific selection criteria to over two million material science papers, including any mention of "NASICON" or known NASICON compositions within abstracts and experimental sections and any mention of "conductivity" or properties associated with conductivity in the abstract.
Meanwhile, the charging and discharging platform of HEM-2 material is significantly higher than that of hard carbon materials (Fig. 3f), and the increased voltage platform reduces the precipitation of sodium metal, which reduces the safety hazards such as short circuit caused by sodium dendrites, and is conducive to the improvement of the safety performance of fast-charging devices.
Unfortunately, commercial graphite can hardly store the Na + ions due to their larger ionic radius (r Na + = 1.02 A), and only a small amount of Na + ions intercalate between the graphene layers of graphite, leading to a low specic capacity. 4 Meanwhile, hard carbon materials have been widely investigated as anodes for Na-ion batteries owing to their partially disordered structure.
The natural hollow cage-like double-wall structure of Ganoderma lucidum spore could be preserved completely after carbonization, which endowed hard carbons with enough specific surface area and relatively stable skeleton structure (Fig. 8(e) and (f)). 114 The prepared cage-like porous carbon (CPC) showed a remarkable reversible capacity of 407 mA h g À1 at 50 mA g À1 after 50 cycles.
More recently, it was demonstrated by our group that both the disordered and ordered polymorphs for NaNi 2/3 Sb 1/3 O 2 contain well-developed honeycomb layers which obey the expected ABC stacking repeat sequence for O3-type α-NaFeO 2 layered materials, and that the primary difference between these two polymorphs is the degree of order in the number positions of the honeycomb layers.
To evaluate its potential as an anode material in SIBs and the effect of defects on the sodium storage and diffusion on borophene, herein, rst-principles calculations based on density functional theory (DFT) and ab initio molecular dynamics (AIMD) simulations were rstly performed to examine the energetics and dynamics of sodium on both a perfect and a defective borophene monolayer.
On top of methods discussed earlier, such as electrolyte optimization (Section 3.3) and surface modications (Section 3.4), the addition of sacricial sodiation reagents to the anode and/or cathode material, such as sodium powder, 214 NaN 3 , 219 Na 3 P, 220 223 has been reported to compensate for the sodium deciency and signicantly improve the performance of sodium ion full cells.
Sodium-ion battery (SIB) is the natural next-in-line technology because it not only shares similar mechanism to LIBs and can be conveniently adapted to the current battery manufacturing systems, but also has the intrinsic advantage on material abundance and global distribution. Layered oxide cathode materials on the basis of intercalation chemistry have been extensively used in LIBs.
However, during discharge, the lattice mismatch between FePO4 and Na 0.7 FePO 4 is already large to begin with, hence the reaction from FePO 4 to Na 0.7 FePO 4 and Na 0.7 FePO 4 to NaFePO 4 can occur concurrently. 99 Oh et al. then tested such a Li-Na electrochemical exchanged NaFePO 4 , which exhibited a two-step discharge plateau, resulting in an initial capacity of 125 mA h g À1 .
Due to their affordable price and abundant availability, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted considerable attention. However, the slow ion diffusion kinetics in the host material of Na + is caused by the signicant ionic radius of sodium (1.02 Å) in comparison to lithium (0.76 Å), presenting a challenge to the battery's performance in terms of rate and stability during cycles.
The composite microparticles also had a faster electron transport and sodium-ion diffusion between the electrode and electrolyte as reected in the charge-discharge and long cycling stability, as seen by the rate capability test (Fig. 3c) where we tested the cells in the current density ranges: 20, 50, 100, 250, 500, 1000 mA g À1 and reverted to 50 mA g À1 to test capacity retention.
Considering the future scope of solid state battery fabrication by cosintering process of phosphate based solid electrolyte and phosphate based cathodes (LiFePO4, Li3V2(PO4)3 etc.), present study focuses on stabilizing the NASICON structured Li1.4Al0.4Ti1.6(PO4)3 (LATP) solid electrolyte in inert atmosphere because proposed cathode materials are not stable in air at high temperature.
In our project, we focus our study on Prussian blue analogues (PBAs), with formula A x M[M'(CN) 6 ] 1-y □ y • zH 2 O (0≤x≤2, 0<y<1), where A is alkali-metal ion, M and M' are transition metal ions, □ represents the M'(CN) 6 vacancy, which are archetype of metal-organic framework, with 3D frameworks which allow for a facile insertion/ extraction of ions with negligible lattice strain.
The solid product obtained was washed with deionized water and then with ethyl alcohol to remove all the unreacted precursors and solvents because all the reactants were soluble in water, so the unreacted precursor and the excess amount of DES after the reaction will be removed using water and ethanol wash, which provides a gray liquid Route for the synthesis of the NaCoPO 4 material.
The peak at 22.8°a ssigned to the plane, however, does not change, indicating purely lateral growth of the graphitic domains, typical for a turbostratic hard carbon structure. 46 The Raman spectra (Fig. 5C) show the D band, which is attributed to disorder in the graphitic lattice and at domain boundaries, and the G band, which is attributed to in-plane sp 2 ring stretching vibrations.
It has been shown elsewhere that the valency of the sodium ions varies with sodium concentration, due to partial sodium-carbon charge transfer and defect heterogeneity within hard carbon. 30, The physical justication and analysis that leads to the function in eqn is presented in the ESI † and in the cited works. 30,32 Eqn describes the interactions of Na species inside the nanopores.
By employing this method, Titirici and coworkers elucidated the mechanism of the remarkably accelerated pyrolysis from the quickly increased carbon sp 2 content under the multield effect for the ultrafast synthesis of HCs via the SPS approach. 123 This meaningful method can give protable guidance for atomic insight into the material design and sodium storage behavior of HCs for SIB.
Ultimately, through multiscale, end-to-end collaborative innovation, anion-regulation strategies hold promise to break through current performance bottlenecks in SIB technology, providing critical material foundations for low-cost, high-efficiency, and high-safety sustainable energy storage systemsthereby playing a vital supporting role in global energy transition. format analysis; Z.
Inventory data for the individual manufacturing stages are taken from previous literature and updated according to the current state-of the art regarding manufacturing energy demand and upstream processes. 40,44,45 The production processes not available in literature (e.g., for the SIB cathode materials) are modelled explicitly by modifying material synthesis process for existing LIB.
Its electrochemical properties as a cathode material were studied in Na half cells and Na-ion full cells, revealing that the material becomes fully amorphous upon initial desodiation to Na 0.5 Fe 2 OS 2 , but maintains a reversible capacity of 135 mA h g À1 in full cells where up to 1.2 Na + can be reversibly extracted and reinserted when compensating for the Na lost in SEI formation.
Keywords Sodium-ion battery • Sodium-ion hybrid capacitor • Three-dimensionally ordered macroporous structure • Graphenic carbon • NiS 2 nanocrystals * Kemeng Ji Sodium-ion hybrid capacitors (SIHCs) have emerged as an essential alternative for electrochemical energy storage in modern society due to their natural abundance, environmental friendliness, and low cost of sodium resources .
Furthermore, LAGP demonstrated superior redox resistance compared to Li 1.3 Al 0.7 Ti 1.7 (PO 4 ) 3 (LATP) when both were evaluated as NASICON-based solid electrolytes. 4 The amorphous phase of LAGP is relatively easy to prepare; the raw material is melted at 1300 °C, which is then quenched. 2 The amorphous phase undergoes a transition to the crystalline phase at approximately 600 °C.
NASICON-type SEs such as Li 1.5 Al 0.5 Ge 1.5 (PO 4 ) 3 (LAGP) and Li 1.3 Al 0.3 Ti 1.7 (PO 4 ) 3 (LATP) were particularly investigated for their ionic conductivities up to 1.09 × 10 -3 S.cm -1 and 5.08 × 10 -3 S.cm -1 at room temperature respectively (Thokchom and Kumar, 2008;Hupfer et al., 2016) and their stability against water and air (Imanishi et al., 2008;Hasegawa et al., 2009).
Hard carbon materials used in this research were prepared from glucose in two steps that consist of hydrothermal carbonization at low temperature and carbonization at high temperature. 34 In the first stage, 10 g glucose (D-(+)-glucose, ≥99.5%, Sigma Aldrich) was dissolved is 90 ml deionised water and the pH adjusted to 1-2 by the addition of 3.6 g citric acid (≥99.5%, Sigma Aldrich).
This finding confirms the presence of a built-in electric field, which may improve electrochemical performance by reducing electrostatic interactions between the host material and ions, accelerating reaction kinetics and facilitating the reversible storage of sodium ions. 17 This integrated design endows the NVFP-VO cathode with excellent fast-charging capability and cycling stability.
Then, the recent progress made in the application of hollow micro-/ nanostructures in sodium-ion batteries was reviewed according to the different synthesis methods (hard template, soft template, sacrificial template and template-free) to elucidate the advantages of hollow micro-/nanostructures for improving the capacity, stability, and rate capability simultaneously and substantially.
The structural transformation process of PBAs-NFMM precursors is similar to that of PBAs-NFM, maintaining the original structure except for the loss of crystallization water below 200 °C, then becoming amorphous between 300 and 460 °C, subsequently forming a P2-type layered oxide structure, with the characteristic peaks gradually intensifying within the temperature range of 480-560 °C.
Na + /Na) and is widely attributed in the literature to a capacitive mechanism, dominated by sodium adsorption at favorable sites such as surfaces, edges, and structural defects. 13,15,16 The slope region in hard carbon can be further differentiated into two electrochemically distinct substages, as also suggested by previous studies. 13,38 In the highpotential range (ca. 2.5-0.8 V (vs.
We consider this to be an inherent feature of the material under the chosen synthesis conditions and modelled it more generally as Na 2+x Fe 2Àx/2 (SO 4 ) 3 with a representative local structure model. 21 The validity of this assumption was later corroborated by Oyama et al. 58 Sodium ion migration pathways in ''Na 2 Fe 2 (SO 4 ) 3 '' based on our BVSE method are shown in Fig. 4a andb.
In NASICON crystals of general formula LiM 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , columns of MO 6 octahedra are linked by PO 4 tetrahedra, as illustrated in Figure 1a. 10 Lithium ions reside in two possible sites: The "M1" site, which is sixfoldcoordinated and located directly between two stacked MO 6 units, and/or the "M2" site, which lies in an eightfoldcoordinated location between two columns of MO 6 units.
Also, it delivered a much-improved specific capacity of 170 mA h g À1 (close to the theoretical value) compared to the above-mentioned normal value (o120 mA h g À1 ) of NASICONs, based on a successive multi-electron reaction from the V 5+ /V 4+ , V 4+ /V 3+ , and V 3+ /V 2+ redox couples identified by synchrotron-based X-ray absorption spectroscopy and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy.
These superiorities of OVs with the help of surface coating can promote favorable sodium ions insertion and efficiently enhance an enlarged sodium ion flux especially at high current densities, making B-TiO2(B) nanobelts anode exhibits a remarkable high-rate and superior cyclability in comparison to those of TiO2(B) without the existence of OVs and carbon species (termed as W-TiO2(B)).
With additional input from lattice gas modelling, the technique can separate the voltage response from sodium insertion in the disordered carbon interlayers versus the nanopores. 30 It also allows the voltage itself to be separated into energetic (enthalpy) and congurational (entropy) contributions, which helped to clarify mechanistic details of the various sodium insertion processes.
Recently, transition metal nitrides have been fabricated experimentally, and they have also received increasing attention theoretically. 30 It is shown that N-based compounds have ultra-high hardness and good electrical conductivity, especially N-based TMDs-like layered transition metal compounds with a large interlayer spacing, which is conducive to the diffusion of large sodium ions.
The calculated lattice parameters (a = 8.6629 and c = 22.0627 Å) and atomic coordinates of the NASICON-Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 structure are displayed in Table S1 in the ESI. † Its crystal structure is built from lantern units, 42 consisting of two (Nb 5+ /Nb 4+ )O 6 and three PO 4 units, stacked along the c-direction (Fig. 1b) and both Na and Na (i.e., 6b and 18e, respectively) sites are empty.
The researchers previously found that the competition between cation-solvent and cation-anion interactions plays an important role in regulating the final ionsolvent-coordinated structures 2 . "In an electrolyte system with single phosphate solvents, the hard carbon anode cannot work unless the saltto-solvent molar ratio is elevated to 1:2 to induce an ion-solvent-coordinated structure.
The enormous strain at the alloying front is subsequently released by the formation of many cracks and fractures at the end of sodiation process, leading the large amount of high-curvature small objects are created by the materials' pulverization/damage after Na insertion, whereas the volume shrinkage on Na-ion extraction merges these small objects to form low-curvature large particles.
This resistance reduction manifested as a 70% decrease in overpotential during galvanostatic testing and lower total resistances during EIS measurements. • At 100 mA cm -2 and 500 mA cm -2 (for a total of 2.3 Ah cm -2 ), the Sn coating was effective in suppressing Na penetration in NaSICON, particularly via Mode I degradation (penetration from pressure buildup at the plating interface).
Therefore, it is important to explore a fast sintering strategy to reduce the energy consumption in the production of layered oxide cathodes for SIBs. 31 It would be very interesting and prospective if layered oxide cathodes could be synthesized through fast sintering of PBAs precursors, with transition metals and sodium ions uniformly distributed in the open skeletal structure of PBAs.
Moreover, the cyclic voltammetry (CV) curve together with galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT) shows that the Na + transmission coefficient in NFMTO is much bigger than that of the original Na2/3Fe1/3Mn2/3O2 (NFMO) compound due to the Na + /vacancy perturbation triggered by Ti-doping, resulting in improved Na + transmission kinetics and prolonged lifetime of this SIBs .
The increased complexity of diffusion paths contributes to reduced ion migration resistance and improved pore-lling diffusion behavior, thereby enabling a more efficient sodium storage process. 33,37 The in situ XRD results (as shown in Fig. 7(a)) clearly reveal the structural evolution of the hard carbon material during the rst charge-discharge cycle under a constant current of 0.1C.
The GCD profiles of (e) Olivine NaFePO 4 after 10 th , 30 th , 60 th , and 100 th cycle , (f) Olivine NaMnPO 4 (against lithium) , (g) Maricite NaFePO 4 , and (h) Maricite NaMnPO 4 pristine and milled-coated . (i) The crystal structure of the red phase NaCoPO 4 , and (j) the corresponding GCD discharging profile along with the charging profile and capacity retention shown in the inset .
Since then, a plethora of binary NASICON materials have been reported, such as Na 3 FeV(PO 4 ) 3 , 17 Na 3 MnTi(PO 4 ) 3 , 18 Na 4 MnCr(PO 4 ) 3 , Na 3 MnZr(PO 4 ) 3 , 22 Na 2 TiV(PO 4 ) 3 , 23 Na 3 Cr 0.5 V 1.5 (PO 4 ) 3 , 24 Na 4 MnAl-(PO 4 ) 3 , 25 etc., very much enriching the NASICON cathode family with diverse voltage plateaus, electrochemical properties, and structural evolution.
These include Na x CoO 2 , Na x CrO 2 and Na x- NiO 2 , α-NaFeO 2 , Na x VO 2 , Na 0.44 MnO 2 , Na 2/3 [Fe 1/2 Mn 1/2 ]O 2 , Na 1-x Ni 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 , NaCo 1/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 , NaMPO 4 (M=Fe, Mn) , A 2 MPO 4 F (A = Na, Li, M = Fe, Mn, Co, Ni) , NaVPO 4 F , Na 1.5 VOPO 4 F 0.5 , Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 , Na 3 Fe 3 (PO 4 ) 4 , Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 , t -Na 2 (VO)P 2 O 7 , and Na 2 MnP 2 O 7 .
A few major types of SIB cathode materials have been well studied in recent years, including Na x MPO 4 F, Na x MP 2 O 7 [M = V, Fe, Mn.], Na x VPO 4 FO 2 , Prussian white/blue analogues 12 and Na x TMO 2 [TM = transition metal; Mn, Fe, Co, Ni.]. Among them, P2-type Na x TMO 2 materials (x # 0.8) have attracted signicant attention due to their facile synthesis and structural stability.
In the NaSICON structure, it is known that if Na + occupies neighboring 6b and 18e sites, both Na + ions can hop simultaneously via a concerted ion migration mechanism. 46 In Figure 9, we evaluate various concerted hopping mechanisms in Ca0.083NaVP in which Na + assists the Ca 2+ migration (Figure 9a,d) and contrast it to Na-assisted Na + migration at the same composition (Figure 9b,e).
The electron transfer upon sodiation of TiO 2 can be shown more intuitively by plotting the electronic charge density difference, defined as In this work we provide an insightful understanding of electrochemical properties of sodiated TiO 2 compounds in pentaoxygen-coordinated trigonal bipyramid phases, aiming at finding the potentiality of effective anode material of sodium-ion battery.
Therefore, to realize the practical application of SIBs, it is necessary to find a reference electrode with stable static potential and chemical inertness that works stably in the electrochemical window with the most commonly used electrolyte to achieve a comprehensive evaluation of layered oxide batteries' performance and finally achieve high-performance sodium ion full battery devices.
The hard carbon||P2-NaMNNb coin cell can be efficiently cycled up to 3.68 A g -1 at 25 °C delivering a discharge capacity of approximately 20 mAh g -1 demonstrating a specific power (based on the active material masses of both negative and positive electrodes) of 7.75 kW kg -1 (Fig. 7b, Supplementary Fig. 32), which is calculated based on the electrochemical performance of the full-cell.
As per our concern, the results are one of the best obtained as compared to the earlier published one on MoS 2 based SIB anode material and more importantly this material shows such an excellent reversible Na-storage capacity and good cycling stability without addition of any expensive additive stabilizer, like fluoroethylene carbonate (FEC), in comparison to those in current literature.
The G band involves the in-plane bond-stretching motion of sp 2 carbon atoms while the D band is a breathing mode of the six-carbon rings that becomes active in the presence of disorder. 50 The typical broad D-and G-peaks found here, reveal a highly disordered structure of hard carbon, 50 similar to other hard carbons used in sodium ion batteries. 51,52 Fitting of the Raman spectra (Fig.
The spectrum of both samples were deconvoluted into two peaks at 460.2 and 465.9 eV, which were matching to Ti 2p 3/2 and Ti 2p 1/2 by Gaussian curve tting and consistent with the chemically bonded of Ti 4+ . To evaluate the potential application in sodium-ion batteries, the electrochemical properties of the H-NTP NC@rGO anode was carried out in 2016-type coin cells at room temperature.
With rising interest in green battery materials for rechargeable batteries, Ti-based anode materials such as Titania (TiO 2 ), lithium titanate (Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 ), Na 4 Ti 5 O 12 and Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 have recevied much attention in recent years because of their low cost and minimal environmental impact. In particular, TiO 2 presents a moderate sodium insertion/extraction voltage (~ 0.7 V vs.
To demonstrate the practical feasibility of our long-cycling KTiOPO 4 thin film anode, quasi-solid-state Na-ion full cells were assembled by coupling with a Na 3 (VO 0.5 ) 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 2 @reduced graphene oxide (NVOPF@rGO) cathode (Supplementary Figs. 30, 31) and PVDF-HFPbased gel polymer electrolyte (GPE) (denoted as PVHNa-GPE, Supplementary Fig. 32), as schematically shown in Fig. 6a.
One such precursor is cellulose which has been reported as a good hard carbon precursor due to its natural abundance and an intrinsically ordered and highly tunable crystal structure (Luo et al., 2013;Shen et al., 2015;Simone et al., 2016;Chen et al., 2018;Yamamoto et al., 2018;Lee et al., 2019;Nguyen et al., 2019;Oh et al., 2019;Huang et al., 2020;Kim et al., 2020;Tianhao et al., 2020).
The PDF and S(Q) were calculated using the Gudrun programme, both functions were normalised to absolute scale and corrected for beam attenuation, multiple-scattering and inelasticity effects. 57,58 Electrochemical measurements: Hard carbon materials coated on current collector were used as working electrode, and electrodes are prepared in the same way for all electrochemical measurements.
The present results are relevant for both the study of high-voltage Na-ion honeycomb compounds like Na 3 Ni 2 SbO 6 in which the B' cation at the center of the honeycomb lattice has a higher valence (HV) than the surrounding B cations, and for the study of high specific capacity Li-ion compounds like Li 2 MnO 3 in which central cation has a lower valence (LV) than the surrounding cations.
In contrary to layered O3-type NaTiO2, nickel-substituted Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2 shows excellent structural stability with cycling, which is expected that nickel substitution greatly improve the titanium ions stability in the transition metal layers. 39,44 The structure stability will further be proved by the subsequent ex-situ XRD structural evolution analysis in the discharge-charge process.
The introduction of synchrotron-based operando SAXS enables direct observation of the electrochemical processes during cycling. 21,26 This advancement allows for highresolution tracking of pore-level changes in hard carbon anodes under true operating conditions and enables monitoring across multiple electrode locations, providing a more representative view of the sodium storage mechanism.
A b-value close to 1 suggests a more surface-controlled mechanism, similar to electrical double-layer charge storage systems, while a b-value close to 0.5 indicates a more faradaic diffusioncontrolled storage process. 32 The calculated b-values from both anodic (0.48) and cathodic peaks (0.51) show that the diffusioncontrolled mechanism is dominant in the overall sodium storage (Fig. 2e).
Although the presence of alumina in the separator resulted in a higher Gurley value for the cellulose-PAN separator, the added alumina improved the intrinsic properties of electrolyte uptake, ionic conductivity of electrolyte soaked in separator, and sodium-ion transfer number owing to the high surface area provided by the alumina particles (and thereby the interconnected pore structure).
The hollow spheres have a higher surface area resulting in a poor ICE, and delivered a lower charge capacity of 223 mA h g À1 at 50 mA g À1 . 46 The larger interlayer spacing of 0.401 nm accounts for the majority of the sodium storage between the graphene layers (SRC), and a capacity of B20 mA h g À1 as compared to the total capacity was observed from nano-pores filling (PRC below 0.11 V).
Thus, the addition of NaFSI to this polyanionic electrolyte system leads to a dominant FSI anion conductivity and potentially 'restricts' sodium ion transport, which is again in contrast to previous PDADMAFSI/NaFSI 34 based solid polymer electrolytes and emphasises the importance of molecular composition and architecture in designing next generation solid state polymer electrolyte systems.
The calculated theoretical capacity for Li and Na storage on the C3N monolayer reaches 267.81 Ah/g, which indicates the potential of C3N to be a 2D anode material for lithium-and sodium-ion batteries. topics: C3N, electronic properties, anode materials, DFT calculations The improvement of energy storage technologies is essential to meet the global challenge of clean and sustainable energy.
The FARSIB reaches a maximum volumetric energy density of 39.32 mWh cm -3 and a maximum volumetric power density of 4.60 W cm -3 , which considerably exceed the values previously reported for other fiber-shaped energy-storage devices, such as Co//Zn battery , GO/MWCNT//MoS -rGO/ MWCNT , Ni//Zn battery , NiCo//Zn battery , titanium wire/Co 3 O 4 nanowires//carbon fibers/graphene , and NIB .
S27, ESI †). 17,41,43,60 For example, notably, in our previous contribution, 24 our group employed a hybrid strategy by Cr 3+ doping (from Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 to Na 3 Cr 0.5 V 1.5 (PO 4 ) 3 ) and reduced graphene oxide coating to modify the V-based NASICON with improved battery performance, but it only realized a limited cycling capability (B62% capacity retention after 1000 cycles at 20C).
Although may be inferior to the Na metal anode or other low potential anodes-based full cells, these attributes are much superior to those of many reported Na-ion full cells with comparable anode mass loadings, such as μ-Sn + PVDF//NVP@C (95 Wh kg -1 ; 615 W kg -1 ), SnP 2 O 7 /rGO//NVP/C (121 Wh kg -1 ; 860Wkg -1 ), and NTP@rGO//NVP/C (67 Wh kg -1 ; 3223 W kg -1 ) (Supplementary Table 13).
However, recent results on a new anti-perovskite Li 2 FeOS have shown that the low voltage can be compensated by large capacities alongside the advantage of using abundant elements. 13 Reported for its interesting electronic and magnetic properties, 14 Na 2 Fe 2 OSe 2 is a good candidate for Na-ion batteries with a reasonable amount of Na that gives a theoretical capacity of 162 mA h g À1 .
Hard carbons (HCs) as anode materials deliver a relatively higher reversible capacity and cycling stability than graphite due to (i) the wider interlayer distance in the range of 3.7-4.2 nm 34,35 for accessible accommodation of Na + /K + ions between the layers of graphitic domains, and (ii) the diverse storage mechanisms for Na + /K + ions including adsorption, insertion, and pore filling.
Hard carbons have received the most attention as anodes, whereas two main classes of active materials such as layered transition metal oxides (Na x TMO 2 ) and polyanionic compounds have been identied as promising materials classes for cathodes. 5 The advantages of layered transition metal oxides over the other chemistries arise from their high theoretical specic and volumetric capacities.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are a key energy storage solution alternative to current lithium ion system, owing to their abundant resources and wide availability of sodium on the earth. In pursuit of anode materials for SIBs, titanium based compounds have captured most interests as Na + ion host materials, due to their reasonable operation voltage, stable structure, low cost, and nontoxicity.
More recently, TiO 2 -B nanowires developed by Lee et al. with a hydrothermal method possessed long and stable cyclability with a specic capacity of 150 mA h g À1 at 20 mA g À1 over 50 cycles. 10 These results suggest that TiO 2 -B is a promising candidate anode material for SIB but the rate performance is still not good enough for applications in large-scale electrochemical storage device.
Typically, the Raman peaks associated with cyanide ligands coordinated to Fe 2+ ions appear at lower wavenumbers than those bound to Fe 3+ ions. 60 The Raman peaks observed around 2131 and 2094 cm -1 are generated by the vibrations of Fe III -CN and Fe II -CN, respectively, in the Prussian blue structure. 61 Fig. 2(b) presents the Raman spectroscopy results for ve groups of Fe-PBAs samples.
Previously Leclaire et al. reported its crystal structure using a single crystal of Nb 2 (PO 4 ) 3 . 42 This compound contains no Li or Na ions in its pristine state and is expected to exchange higher amount (∼3 moles per formula unit) of lithium and sodium ions through the activity of multi-redox-Nb 5+ /Nb 4+ /Nb 3+ centers at relatively lower voltages than the Ti-or V-based NASICON anodes.
In these composites, the MWCNTs and rGO have offered multifold advantages than pristine Co 2 GeO 4 such as reduction of the stress during the charge/discharge process, accommodation of the volume changes during the electrochemical reaction, providing better electronic conductivity, lessening the aggregation of the nanoparticles, and also reduction of the pathways for the sodium ion diffusion.
The average OCVs of 2H phase pristine MoS 2 and Fe/Co/Ti-doped MoS 2 are 0.65 V, 0.98 V, 1.05 V and 1.03 V, respectively, and the pristine results are consistent with some other experimental results. 21,47 Therefore, doping with Fe, Co, and Ti, the average OCV increases around 45% and 50% for the 1T and 2H phases, and M 0.125 Mo 0.875 S 2 is suitable as sodium-ion battery electrode materials.
This stability results in a higher initial coulombic efficiency and the formation of a thinner solid-electrolyte interphase (SEI) on the anode compared to traditional ester-based electrolytes. 39 Glyme-based electrolytes offer several advantages, including high ionic conductivity, good compatibility with sodium metal anodes, and improved safety compared to conventional carbonate electrolytes.
We can reasonably anticipate more technical breakthroughs, such as precise control of the water content in PBAs, ways to maintain a welldecorated carbon network at the industrial level, efficient organic/solid state electrolytes to fully achieve their theoretical capacities, and, in turn, the advanced SIB devices can be further designed and developed from a more technology based point of view.
Furthermore, the potential development paths of electrolyte additives to promote the advancement of electrochemical energy storage are also explored. • Challenges on current subzero-temperature aqueous sodium-ion batteries are described. • Three strategies for aqueous electrolyte additives are summarized. • Potential development directions for future aqueous electrolyte additives are outlined.
The 1.2 V plateau can be attributed to PC decomposition 46 while the 0.7 V plateau is attributable to FEC decomposition. 47 The trend in the rst cycle features with T synth possibly results from different proportions of oxygenated groups at the hard carbon surfaces and the morphological trends highlighted in Table 4, which could inuence the SEI formation mechanism in the PC/ FEC electrolyte.
This intercalation pseudocapacitative response is due to the small dimension and high surface area of the primary particles. 29,30 These two factors promote facile Na-ion insertion/extraction mechanism and amplify pseudocapacitive character of the battery electrode. 29,30 The Faradaic nature of this mechanism will be explored and supported by bulk-sensitive X-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS).
Consequently, SIBs should be regarded as complementary to LIBs, particularly in applications where high energy density and power within a compact design are not primary requirements (e.g., electric vehicles). 8 In recent years, world-leading companies in the eld have been investing in developing sodium-ion batteries, in some cases already reaching large-scale production and commercialization.
This investigation will shed lights on the tuneable chemical environments of transition-metal oxides for advanced cathode materials and promote the development of sodium-ion batteries. odium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been considered as one promising next-generation battery system for large-scale energy storage and smart electric grid, due to the low cost and wide distribution of Na resources .
At small r p , Q max 1 increases with r p , however, at high r p , the value of Q max 1 decreases because Na starts to form a quasi-metallic state which prevents further insertion in the pores of the carbon materials (Fig. 13). 40 This also explains why Na does not fill in mesopores at very large r p . 41 3.2.3 The change of the Na storage mechanism on changing from soft carbon to hard carbon.
We can therefore conclude that with the increased resistance in the cell, at high rates the full capacity is not realised as the polarisation is too great to extract the Na + ions from the lower voltage plateau on the hard carbon, as the cells age this resistance increases and even when returning to lower rates the polarisation in the cell is still too large to extract all the Na + ions fully.
In addition to the activation process of the MnS electrode, a complex More importantly, the electrochemical profiles obtained for the present DS-MnS electrode used in combination with a unique diglyme-based electrolyte system are significantly different from those obtained for the already reported MnS electrodes utilizing the commonly used carbonate-based electrolytes for SIB applications 29 .
Notably, the unique hollow structure and its combination with graphene are effective in accommodating the volume changes that occur during repeated sodiumation and desodiumation. 29 Xu et al. produced LiTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 @C/CNTs (LTP@C/CNTs) with three-dimensional mesoporous nanostructure, which was investigated in both aqueous lithium-ion batteries (ALIBs) and aqueous sodium-ion battery (ASIBs).
The collector is mainly used to collect the current generated by the active substance of the battery to form a large current. Diaphragm: The function of the diaphragm is to separate the cathode and anode materials from each other, allowing only sodium ions to pass through, to reduce the migration resistance and shuttle time of sodium ions, the thickness of the diaphragm should not be too thick.
The previous studies reveal that phase modulation and high-entropy strategies effectively address the slow kinetics of sodium ion transport and the complexity of phase transitions in layered manganese-based materials. The interlocking effect between phase boundaries in O3/P2 phase manganese-based materials designed by phase modulation can generate forces that inhibit the sliding of TMO 2 slabs.
The similarity between lithium and sodium provides the opportunity that many components such as the electrolyte and the range of cathode materials can be almost directly adopted from LIBs to SIBs. 1,2 Yet, in contrast to LIBs, an anode material with high sodium storage capacity at a potential close to Na/Na + and at the same time with a high operational safety, is much more complicated to find.
Among polyanionic materials, Na Super Ionic Conductor (NASICON)-type compounds (with Na 3 M 2 (XO 4 ) 3 formula wherein M denotes V, Fe, Ni, Mn, Ti, and others, and X denotes P, S, Si, and others), particularly Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP), are extensively studied due to their stable open framework composed of corner-sharing PO 4 tetrahedra and VO 6 octahedra, facilitating Na + mobility even at LT.
The temporal dynamics of sodium-ion concentration at the interface between the electrode and electrolyte, primarily manifest as time-dependent processes, which are therefore affected by the scan rate. 32 The relationship between the logarithm of the peak anodic/cathodic current (i) and the logarithm of the scan rate (v) in CV plots, provides valuable information on the sodium storage mechanism.
Similarly, it has been previously observed that the unsubstituted NASICON, Na 3 Zr 2 (SiO 4 ) 2 (PO 4 ), showed a change in activation energy between low-temperature and high-temperature measurements (>400 ± 200 °C) to be 0.33 eV and 0.27 eV, respectively. 9,10,12 As mentioned, the closest EIS-derived parameter to compare to QENS is the bulk conductivity and its corresponding activation energy.
From 2015 to 2020, the superior compatibility of ether-based electrolytes with sodium metal anodes and HC anodes was achieved respectively, mainly focusing on linear ethers such as DME, DEGDME and tetraethylene glycol dimethyl ether (TEGDME). These electrolytes exhibited advantages such as high first initial coulombic efficiency (ICE), excellent rate performance and low-temperature performance.
This supports the concept that the sloping region is due to ion insertion between graphitic layers since sodium intercalation in graphite typically results in large interlayer expansion. 50 Conversely, pore filling results in minimal thickness change, and therefore supports the assignment of this process occurring during the plateau region, where less pronounced electrode expansion is observed.
Such an increase in specic capacity associated with gradual activation of TiO 2 upon iterative sodiation/desodiation was already reported for Nb-doped rutile TiO 2 , 33 anatase TiO 2 , 31,32 and amorphous TiO 2 , 34 possibly due to a relatively low initial adsorption of sodium ions to the TiO 2 surface, 31,35 which deserves certainly further investigation by complementary techniques in future.
Indeed, the electrochemical capacity is limited to ~35 mAh g -1 , corresponding to an NaC 64 stoichiometry, i.e., a stage-8 graphite intercalation compound only. For comparison, 370 mAh g -1 is reached in the case of Li + insertion into graphite (LiC 6 ). Conversely, non-graphitizable carbons (i.e., hard carbons) are good candidates due to their amorphous structure and large interlayer spacing.
Consequently, the sodium ion vacancies are suggested to be located in the O-type layers, while the sodium ions remain in the P-type layers and can be considered as an intermediate, intergrowth phase between the P2 and O2 end members. 31 Since the extent to which the transition metal layers glide upon extraction of sodium ions is minimised, the P2-OP4 phase transformation is more reversible (cf.
Starch and cellulose are alternative carbohydrate precursors, organic waste is used as a generic representative for organic residues like nutshells or fruit peels/ wastes, 40,41 and petroleum coke as a fossil precursor. 26 The characterisation results relative to the base case (HC from sugar) Fig. 5 Influence of SIB cycle life on the environmental impacts per kW h of energy stored over lifetime.
Small amounts of Na still accumulated in the middle of the NaSICON, likely due to the Mode II mechanism (ionelectron recombination), but far less penetration was observed compared to the uncoated NaSICON. • At 1000 mA cm -2 , the Sn coating did not suppress Na penetration, leading to a noisy overpotential profile, quickly decreasing resistance via EIS, and obvious Na penetration observed by SEM.
SIB anode materials are essentially classified into four types on the basis of the charge/discharge reaction mechanisms: the metal type of sodium anodes, the insertion reaction type (carbon-based materials and titanium oxides), the alloying reaction type (tin, silicon, antimony, germanium, phosphorus, etc.) and the conversion reaction type (metal oxides, metal sulfides, metal phosphides, etc.) .
As mentioned earlier, Li and Na ions prefer to occupy different crystallographic sites, which have distinct (electro)chemical potentials for (de)intercalation. 63 Moreover, it is well known that ionic conduction in the NASICON framework occurs via correlated ion migration through M/M pathways, 24,64 thus the relative lling of these sites can tune ionic conductivities and intercalation kinetics.
For instance, TMDs have tunable band gaps, making them suitable for electronic and optoelectronic applications. 14 MXenes are being explored for their potential in energy storage and catalysis. 15 The pursuit of efficient anode materials for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) has led to extensive research into two-dimensional (2D) materials due to their exceptional structural and electronic properties.
Obviously, NMLMO experiences a single-phase reaction in a wide voltage range of 1.5-4.6 V (Figure S23), which is different from the biphasic reactions in NMMO and the typical P2-type Mnbased cathodes (e.g., Na2/3MnO2, Na2/3Ni1/3Mn2/3O2 and NaxFe1/2Mn1/2O2). The lattice parameter variation of NMMO and NMLMO was examined to reflect the structural strain upon charging and discharging (Figure 5b,d).
When the hard carbon is added, defects such as microcrystalline units, carbon atom vacancies, layer spacing and carbon arrangement in hard carbon cause high-disorder structure, and thus the peak of crystal facet presents an amorphous bulking peak, which is significantly different from the sharp peak of graphite crystal facet, indicating the huge difference in microstructure of the two materials.
Note that Na-ion conductivity in Na 2 Mn 2 Si 2 O 7 is not expected to be a performance limiting factor considering the similarity of the Bond Valence Sum (BVS) based Na-ion migration pathways to those in Na 2 Fe 2 Si 2 O 7 , 13 The cells with Na 2 Mn 2 Si 2 O 7 /C clearly cycled better providing approximately 25% of the theoretical capacity at a low cycling rate (C/100); see the inset in Fig. 4.
In situ TEM have also been used to study other binary CAMs, and examples include Sb 2 Se 3 , Sb 2 S 3 , Sb 2 Te 3 /C Bi 2 Te 3 , SnO 2 , and Sb 2 Se 3 /rGO (Gu et al., 2013;Ou et al., 2017;Yang et al., 2017;Yao et al., 2017;Wu et al., 2020;Cui et al., 2021b). Sn + 3.75Na + ⇋Na 3.75 Sn Upon sodiation of SnX n (X = S, Se), the intercalation of Na-ions 1) occur in the voltage range of ~2.5-1.1 V vs.
In our previous studies on Na 1+x M 2 Si x P 3-x O 12 , we have revealed the dependence of the Na + mobility in NaSICONs on both the local ionic environment of the Na + lattice sites and the Na + migration energy. 135,136 The introduction of Si 4+ -substituents on P 5+ sites corresponds to a charged defect of -1, leading to favorable Na + -Si 4+ pair interactions which inuence the Na + mobility.
In the rhombohedral high temperature b phase (space group R% 3c) the NASICON structure contains a 3D network of interstitial spaces of a size particularly suitable for Na + ion diffusion. 72,73 Among the Na 3 M 2 (PO 4 ) 3 compounds, we will discuss here the example of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 that gained particular attention due to the ability to exchange more than 1Na + /e À per transition metal ion.
Prussian blue powder was synthesized by as briefly described: Na 4 Fe(CN) 6 (SIGMA-ALDRICH ≥99%) was dissolved in a saturated sodium chloride solution to obtain a 4 mM concentration whereupon 37% HCl was added to obtain a 0.12 M HCl concentration and the resulting solution was kept at 80°C overnight resulting in a blue precipitate that was filtered and washed with water and ethanol before drying.
The larger interlayer spacing and nanopores at higher pyrolysis temperatures provide insight into the high capacity storage mechanism based on three storage sites: sodium-ion storage at defective sites, called adsorption capacity (AC); sodium-ion insertion into the graphene sheets, called intercalation capacity (IC); sodium-ion filling into the confined spaces, called filling pore capacity (FPC).
This has been recently conrmed by the growing interest of many successful companies working toward SIB commercialisation. Despite the fast-growing technological development, the scientic challenges for a rational improvement of SIB materials lies in the lack of a comprehensive understanding of the Ivana Hasa is Assistant Professor of Electrochemical Materials at the University of Warwick (WMG).
A positive correlation between the acid treatment of peanut shells and their performance for SIBs was revealed by Dou et al. 24 Additionally, hazelnut shell-derived HC with the aid of HCl treatment to remove the inorganic components exhibits high sodium-ion storage capacity. 25 Zhang et al. 26 effectively regulated the microstructure of tea stem-derived HC materials through simple acid treatment.
The broadening effect is known to occur for powders with small particle size, but it is also observed for sodium deficient or sodium free cubic PBA phases (e.g., Prussian blue (PB) or Berlin green (BG)). 2,4,14,16 Rietveld analysis on BM PBA was performed using two different space groups, monoclinic P21/n and cubic Fm3 ̅ m, to confirm the phase transitioning of BM PBA by the ball milling process.
The underlying chemical mechanisms during HTC of saccharides include dehydration, condensation, polymerization, and aromatization. 14,15 To improve stability, porosity and electrochemical properties, the pristine microspheres (pMS) can be converted into hard carbon microspheres (HCMS), either by high-temperature chemical activation or by purely pyrolytic post-carbonization in an inert atmosphere.
In CR2032-type coin cell, the coated copper disks were used as working electrode, sodium metal foil was used as counter/reference electrode, 1 M solution of NaClO 4 (Sigma-Aldrich, 99%) in a 95:5 vol/vol mixture of propylene carbonate (PC, Sigma-Aldrich, anhydrous 99.7%) and fluoroethylene carbonate (FEC, Sigma-Aldrich, 99%) was used as electrolyte, and a glass fiber (GF/D) was used as separator.
Combined soft X-ray absorption spectroscopy and resonant inelastic X-ray scattering demonstrates that Na deintercalation at high voltages is charge compensated by formation of localized electron holes on oxygen atoms. mong the alternatives to lithium-based battery chemistries, the sodium-ion battery (SIB) technology has remained in the research focus due to its potential to decrease the cost 1,2 .
A similar formation mechanism of meso-and macroporosity was previously observed in sucrosebased HCMS with an intermediate size distribution compared to Tre-HCMS and Glu-HCMS. 45 Further temperature-resolved pyrolysis studies could elucidate the role of sphere size and composition in the pore formation process and thus shed light on the formation of hierarchical porosity in hard carbons in general.
However, both these materials suffer from poor stability, fading after only 300 cycles. 28,29 An impressively high capacity of 853 mAh/g was reported for nitrogen-doped graphene foam, attributed to its defect structure and large interlayer spacing, but only 70% of this capacity is retained after 150 cycles. 30 Controlling stress and strain in hard carbon anodes is critical to extending cycle life.
The Na + diffusion coefficient (D Na+ ) can be calculated according to Fick's second law (Eq. ( 4)): where τ is the current pulse time, m B , M B and V M are the mass, molar mass and molar volume of the active material, A is the electrode-electrolyte interfacial area, ∆E s and ∆E t are the quasi-equilibrium potential and the change of cell voltage E during the constant current pulse, respectively .
The high capacity based on the total weight of the electrode, high rate capability and long lifespan of the prepared self-standing electrodes can be attributed to the unique morphology of the active particles in/on the CNFs, as well as the highly stable structural framework of NASICON-type materials. 9 Specically, the two steps of mass loading enabled a high energy-to-mass ratio of the electrodes.
The model shows that the short graphene sheets (also known as graphite domains or pseudo-graphite) in the hard carbon after high-temperature carbonization of hard carbon are arranged in short-range order, forming finite stacks ranging from 2 to 6 layers with lateral dimensions limited to ≈4 nm, and long-range disordered, with abundant nanopores formed between microregions of different orientations.
However, scarcity, unevenly distributed lithium sources and subsequent increased and unpredictable Li costs are becoming the bottleneck for their future deployment electrodes, where it was found that graphite, the state-of-the-art Li-ion battery anode, was not suited for Na-ion batteries when combined with commercial ester-based electrolytes, due to its low specific capacity of ca. 20 mAh g - 1 5 .
To circumvent these issues, here, we propose a cation-trapping method that involves the introduction of sodium ferrocyanide (Na 4 Fe(CN) 6 ) as a supporting salt in a highly concentrated NaClO 4 -based aqueous electrolyte solution to fill the surface Mn vacancies formed in Fesubstituted Prussian blue Na 1.58 Fe 0.07 Mn 0.97 Fe(CN) 6 • 2.65H 2 O (NaFeMnF) positive electrode materials during cycling.
Furthermore, the strong coordination between EC/PC and Na + at low temperatures hinders efficient sodium-ion transport within the electro-lyte and across the electrode-electrolyte interface, adversely affecting battery performance under such conditions. 87 Additionally, EMC, DMC, and DEC are frequently introduced into PC and EC-based systems to mitigate SEI impedance and enhance interface stability.
Recently, Prussian blue analogue (PBA) as a typical transition metal organic framework has emerged as the appealing precursors for the synthesis of threedimensional nanostructured materials for energy storage and conversion. 35,40 In this work, Ni-Fe Prussian blue analogue (NiFe-PBA) was used as the template to synthesize nickel iron phosphide (Ni-Fe-P) nanocubes via one-step phosphidation strategy.
The anode part has been considered as the major stumbling block of sodium-ion chemistry because the intercalation of Na ions into graphite is thermodynamically unfavourable; this problem is intuitively associated with the larger ionic radius of the sodium ions, while the reaction energetics may also play a more deterministic role since larger alkali metal ions can exhibit reversible intercalation 6 .
Polyanionic compounds, such as NASICON-type Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP), provide stable frameworks and rapid Na + diffusion but suffer from inherently low electronic conductivity, 36 which becomes pronounced at sub-zero temperatures, necessitating conductive coatings 37 or nanostructuring. 38 However, these modifications often compromise energy density and long-term stability due to coating degradation.
Ca 2+ migration is enabled when the site energy difference is reduced by the introduction of other cations to neighboring 18e sites, resembling the stuffing effect seen in Li-ion conductors. 49 The Ca 2+ concentration must remain lower than ~1 per V2(PO4)3 to prevent decomposition into non-NaSICON materials, which means that Na + ions (rather than Ca 2+ ) must be introduced to enable Ca 2+ migration.
For NASICON-based materials, R -3 c is the dominant space group; nevertheless, Na + ordering can also occur with a symmetry reduction to monoclinic systems. 174 Strong covalent bonds between polyhedral units enable this type of material to support long-term cycling with minimal structural degradation. 175 Figure 4 presents that V, Mn, and Fe are the widely used TMs in Na polyanions cathode materials.
These electrochemical results clearly indicate that the optimal design of ultrane nanoparticles with uniform dispersion and complete encapsulation in carbon matrix can greatly alleviate the mechanical stress to retain structural integrity and facilitate electron/ion transfer to enhance kinetic rate for Na-ions insertion/extraction, thus offering a stable cycling performance and good rate capability.
Factors that are generally known to signicantly inuence the reversible capacity of hard carbons for sodium-ion battery applications include ICE, pyrolysis temperature, current density, surface area, pore volume, interlayer spacing (d002), crystallite sizes (La and Lc), annealing time, heating rate and the ratio of defective carbon to graphitic carbon obtained from Raman analysis of the hard carbon.
This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2025 In addition to SIBs, aqueous sodium-ion storage ability was tested with the Nb 2 C MXene composite with sodium anthraquinone-2-sulfonate (AQS) based exible supercapacitors. 95 Before this, Nb 2 C MXenes were synthesized from Nb 2 AlC powder using a conventional HF etching process, and a composite with AQS was achieved using a hydrothermal method.
Although there is no expectation that Na-ion systems will match the energy density of Li-ion systems due to the larger mass, larger size, and less electropositive nature of Na+ ions, the development of low cost Na-ion systems with high energy densities approaching those of Li-ion systems could have a transformative effect in applications which utilize very large batteries, such as grid scale storage.
O3 to P3 phase transition in layered sodium cathode materials induces large volume change and is detrimental to the performan ce, this work elucidates the creation of transition metal and oxygen vacancies to the layered material can trigger multiple metastable intermediate phases that substantially prohibits the O3 to P3 phase transition and enables high -performance Na and Mn-rich layered materials.
This study compares the following petrochemical raw materials: (i) tannins and furfuryl alcohol raw materials, which have the advantages of environmental friendliness, low-cost, and renewability; (ii) the full biomass-derived hard carbon, which has optimal electrochemical properties; and (iii) it provides a reference for the application of the full biomass resin materials in energy storage materials.
Machine learning algorithms successfully predicted the reversible capacity of a biomass-derived hard carbon (AOPDHC) using ICE, pyrolysis temperature, current density, surface area, pore volume, interlayer spacing (d002), crystallite sizes (La and Lc), annealing time, heating rate and the ratio of defective carbon to graphitic carbon obtained from Raman analysis of the hard carbons as input features.
Stevens and Dahn were the rst to suggest a sodium storage model with a two-stage "intercalation-pore lling" model derived from in situ small and wide angle X-ray scattering (SAXS and WAXS respectively) studies of glucose-derived HCs. They attributed the sloping region to the intercalation of sodium between the graphene sheets, and the plateau region to the insertion of sodium into the closed pores.
In contrast, our group recently reported the excellent rate performance and long-term cycling performance of an NVP cathode in a dimethoxyethane (DME) electrolyte. 22 Following this trail, here we report the electrochemical properties of NVP as an SIB anode utilizing the low voltage plateau and extend its application to symmetric full cells based on NVP, employing a DME electrolyte for the rst time.
Therefore, it is crucial to improve the air stability in order to further scale up the material. (iii) Insufficient cell performance: Considering the cost advantage of sodium ion batteries, Fe and Mn elements are crucial; however, Fe elements may migrate to the tetrahedral sites of the alkali metal layer during charge and discharge process, hindering Na + transport and causing performance degradation.
The energy and power density of the assembled full sodium-ion cell are 424 Wh Kg -1 and 131 W Kg -1 at 100 mA g -1 after 20 cycles, respectively. (The calculation results are based on the quality of the anode material.) According to more sufficient exploration of the entire system, consisting of cathode and electrolyte, the coulombic efficiency and cyclability of the full cell can be further enhanced.
Among all-solid-state batteries, all-solid-state sodium batteries have attracted considerable attention. Sodium is an inexpensive resource because of its abundance in the earth's crust. Moreover, sodium-ion-conducting solid electrolytes exhibit higher ionic conductivities than lithium-ion-conducting ones owing to a lower charge density of sodium than lithium ions based on their respective ionic radii.
The cathode materials for SIBs primarily consist of Prussian blue analogs (PBAs), layered metal oxides, 9 polyanions, 10 and organic compounds. 11 PBAs, characterized by the general chemical formula Na x M[Fe(CN) 6 ] y Á& 1Ày ÁzH 2 O (where M represents transition metal ions, 0 o x o 2, 0 o y o 1, and & denotes [Fe(CN) 6 ] vacancies), can exhibit cubic, monoclinic, and rhombohedral crystal symmetries.
During the discharge process, sodium ions are released from the anode material and diffuse to the cathode through the diaphragm via the electrolyte, and the same number of electrons are transferred from the cathode to the anode through the external circuit load, and the cathode potential gradually decreases, whereas the anode potential gradually increases the overall voltage of the battery decreases .
For this work Sn was chosen due to its favorably low solubility in Na at low temperatures, and due to work that previously looked at the use of Sn as an anode in room temperature NW-ion batteries.7, 27 ' 28 Here, Sn coatings of various thicknesses on NaSICON are investigated for the purposes of enhancing interfacial contact and charge transfer between molten sodium and the solid electrolyte at 110 °C.
Nanostructuring of the electrode material has been demonstrated to efficiently mitigate the effects of mechanical stress on many systems. In this work, we focus on SnSb as a promising anode material and present a facile and inexpensive solution-based synthesis of nanocrystals (NCs) of this compound with a mean size of 10-30 nm, and demonstrate their efficient performance for Na-ion and Li-ion storage.
Despite the analogous electrochemical reaction process to that in lithium-ion batteries, SIBs suffer seriously from a poor rate behavior because of the sluggish sodiation/desodiation kinetics restricted by the large radius of Na + and low intrinsic ionic/ electronic conductivity of most anode materials. How can one obtain a SIB anode that can deliver a decent capacity at a rapid discharge/charge rate?
One idea was to design a matrix to absorb the mechanical stress induced by the huge volume changes and to form a conductive network inside the anode, such as carbon nanotubes (CNTs), 21 carbon nanobers, 22 and carbon coating. 23 These mentioned structures allow fast sodium ion transfer within the free void space around the active materials and accommodate the signicant volume changes during cycling.
Similar to the case of lithium storage in GY and GDY to form the ceiling compounds of LiC 4 and LiC 3 , the stable conguration for maximum sodium storage capacity of GY and GDY also responds to NaC 4 and NaC 3 , respectively, which far exceed that case of Na inserting into graphite to form stage-II ceiling compound NaC 12 and is also superior to that case of Li inserting into graphite to form LiC 6 .
Sodium binding on bare graphene is unfavorable with respect to sodium metal, and so this may not seem like a meaningful calculation, but here we focus on a comparative study between binding on pristine vs defected graphene with the expectation that the same trends in electronic structure and energetics will carry over to the more complex misaligned, multilayered, turbostratic structures of hard carbon.
It presents that the two peaks between 400 cm À1 and 600 cm À1 , corresponding to the active E 2g modes due to Na and O vibrations, and a shoulder peak at around 637 cm À1 , which can be assigned to A 1g mode due to O vibrations. 16,47 These peaks further demonstrate that the layered P2-type structure has not been changed aer CeO 2 surface modication, which is highly matched to the above XRD results.
The manufacturing of the hard carbon anode from a carbohydrate precursor and the manufacturing of the layered oxide cathode are modelled in detail based on data disclosed in technical datasheets and patents. 30,32 Cell casing, separator, battery pack housing and the BMS are assumed not to differ significantly from those of existing LIBs, thus inventory data from existing studies on the latter are used.
At present, the SIBs are still in its infancy, several domestic and foreign enterprises are in the research and development and trial production stage, and the more mature Ningde Times to Prussian blue compounds/hard carbon for the battery system has formed the basis of the industrial chain, the production of SIBs in the -20 ℃ such as extreme environments can also maintain excellent battery efficiency.
As is well known, hard carbon is composed of randomly oriented, curved, and defective graphene nanosheets, turbostratic structure with large interlayer distance According to previous reports, a low-cost method to prepare hard carbon is carbonizing biomass, such as apricot shells 14 , rice husks 15 , lotus seedpods and stems 16,17 , banana peels 18 , coconut oil 19 , palm fruit calyx 20 , and cotton 7 .
Firstly, the graphene can facilitate the electron transfer and Na + transportation, which is crucial for high rate charge/discharge. 33 Secondly, the strong interaction between TiO 2 NCs and graphene nanosheets results in enhanced interfacial sodium storage at the TiO 2 /G interface, which plays a critical role on its remarkable long-term cycle stability and will be further confirmed by DFT calculation.
Williams in 1969, 11 followed by extensive investigations on lithium-containing carbonyl-based organics, 12,13 carboxylate, oxocarbons, 17,18 and polyketones. 19,20 Na-ion battery operation resembles the reaction mechanism of Li-ion batteries and the potential difference between lithium and sodium metal is only 0.3 V, suggesting the feasibility and availability of organic materials for Na-ion batteries.
Compared with the CV peaks for LIBs, the CV peaks for NIBs are much weaker and broader due to the sluggish diffusion of sodium ions. 40 The broad peaks at 1.15 and 0.55 V in the rst discharge are attributed to the formation of SEI lm, as well as the two-step transition from Fe 3 O 4 to Fe (step 1, Fe 3 O 4 + 2Na + + 2e À / Na 2 (Fe 3 O 4 ); and step 2, Na 2 (Fe 3 O 4 ) + 6Na + + 6e À / 4Na 2 O + 3Fe).
Meanwhile, the peak at 56.2 eV represents the binding energy of the Se-C bond. 38 It has been discussed that the Se-C bond plays a crucial role in battery performance, primarily by bolstering the structural stability of the electrode materials. The electrochemical performance of SnSe 2 @NC as an anode for SIBs was elucidated using a half cell conguration with sodium metal foil as the counter electrode.
Furthermore, what should be mentioned here is that all of the published NASICON monoclinic structure models are described in a crystallographic setting with a monoclinic cell with a z 15.74 Å, b z 9.1 Å, c z 9.2 Å and b z 124.3°with six O, Zr and one Si and one Na (here Na3) atom on 8f, one Na (here Na2) and one Si on 4e and the last Na (here Na1) on 4d-site leading to the f 9 e 2 d short-hand notation.
These results suggest that the developed sodiation strategy, i.e., sodium evaporation at the electrode level, is an excellent approach for liquid and all-solid-state sodium-metal cells, overcoming previous results while providing a successful and suitable method to solve one of the main drawbacks of the P2-type sodium layered oxide electrodes in turn, enhancing the performances of sodium-based batteries.
FEC is known to form resistive interphase that limits the charge transfer kinetics and inhibits the formation of some intermediated phases, resulting in a lower capacity for SIB anodes. 12 After the cycling of Sn-based half cells, their thermal stability analyses were performed using an accelerating rate calorimetry (ARC) following the heat-wait-seek (HWS) method (parameters listed in Table S1 of ESI †).
This causes stress concentration and structural damage in PBAs, and decreases their stability. 19,20 In view of the above electrode-failure phenomenon, several optimization strategies, such as surface coating and hollowstructure design strategies, have been proposed to improve the stability of PBAs. 18,21 Park et al. 22 reported the use of a graphene oxide-coated Prussian blue (PB-GO) electrode material.
The synthesis of hard carbon decorated with a thin and homogeneous coating of titanium nitride or carbide nanoparticles can be achieved by reacting titanium chloride with the hydroxide groups from cellulose before the cellulose was carbonised at 1400 1C in nitrogen or argon. 36 Herein a similar process was performed with SiCl 4 , producing hard carbon decorated with silicon nitride or silicon oxycarbide.
Among these, the most promising are sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which are currently heavily investigated as a viable and sustainable alternative to LIBs, particularly for medium-to large-scale energy storage applications. The most studied electrode materials for SIBs are hard carbons as anode active materials and a few groups of cathodes: transition metal oxides, polyanions, and Prussian Blue analogues.
Indeed, few studies have investigated the inuences of excess Na + in NaSICONs 90,91, revealing that conductivity increases and activation energy decreases, based on the increase in Na + charge carrier 91,133 and enhanced mobility by the widening of the bottlenecks. 90,133 The amount of Na + charge carrier can also be modied when the M 4+ and P 5+ sites are substituted with cations with various valence.
It can be calculated that Dv50 spherical hard carbon /Dv50 graphite = 0.1377, which is lower than the minimum particle size ratio of Hudson's the most compact packing model, indicating that the spherical hard carbon particles can be fully filled into the triangular holes stacked by three graphite particles, forming a compact particle packing system without changing the compact framework of big particles.
On January 5, 2024, the world's first sodium-ion battery-powered vehicle was delivered to users in bulk in Anhui, marking the breakthrough from "0" to "1" in sodium-ion battery-powered new energy vehicles. 2023 marked the beginning of the development of sodium-ion batteries, with many enterprises joining the production and research of sodium batteries, including traditional lithium battery manufacturers.
Considering sodium intercalation sites of TiO2(B), three types (labeled A1, A2, and C sites) have been proposed, which are illustrated in Figure S2a. The A1 are fivefold coordinated site along the c-axis (Figure S2c, Supporting Information), and the A2 site is also fivefold coordinated with oxygen atoms, locating at between the bridging oxygens (Obr) within the plane (Figure S2d, Supporting Information).
In addition, ideal electrode materials should be obtained from renewable resources in an efficient manner, taking into account environmental issues and economic value. 11,12 In the context of the materials used, biomass-derived hard carbon materials, which are abundant, easily accessible, low cost and renewable, 13 have attracted extensive attention in the fabrication of high-performance anodes for LIBs.
The washing solvent (D.I water) along with the bio-waste composition remarkably inuenced the yield of the assynthesized HCs, similar to the reported values between 10 and 30% carbon yield for banana peel, apple peel, and rice husk-derived hard carbon, 24,28,29 the WCG-derived hard carbon demonstrated an average yield between 21.5 and 24.5%, this is attributed to the WCG composition with about 25% lignin.
Electrochemical studies were carried out in two-electrode coin-cells (CR2032) using NGC as the working electrode, sodium metal (Sigma-Aldrich) as the counter and reference electrode, glass fiber separator (Whatman), and a molar solution of sodium hexafluorophosphate (NaPF6, Stella Chemicals) in a mixture of ethylene carbonate and dimethyl carbonate (EC/DMC, DodoChem, 50:50 mass) as the electrolyte (NP30).
The sodium storage mechanism in hard carbons has been deeply investigated, and the widely accepted description involves two main different stages. 8 The first one involves a ''sloping region'', which occurs at the beginning of the galvanostatic charge and discharge (GCD) profile and is attributed to a surface-controlled, capacitive-like storage mechanism arising from the surface adsorption of sodium ions.
Compared to reported hybrid (aqueous + solid) electrolyte systems that have a large amount of H 2 O, the Nasicon SE based Na-air battery is quite different because it exploits only the absorbed H 2 O obtained from the humidity of the ambient air, which can provide a very limited amount of H 2 O, and thereby can have much higher volumetric and gravimetric energy density than the hybrid electrolyte systems.
Recent advances in both instrumentation and methodology continue to push the boundaries of materials characterisation, while better accessibility has enabled routine, comprehensive evaluation of potential positive electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries. In situ studies have generated great interest as they allow for these changes to be correlated directly to the electrochemical state of the battery.
G1000, which has the highest concentration of oxygen-containing defects (5.9 at%) and the widest interlayer spacing (3.9 Å), exhibits the largest sloping capacity and the lowest Coulombic efficiency; the sloping capacity decreases with higher carbonisation temperatures, corresponding to the decrease in interlayer spacing and number of defects (Fig. 5b), leading to fewer available sites for sodium storage.
https://doi.org/10.1038/s43246-024-00569-2 Stabilization of P2 layered oxide electrodes in sodium-ion batteries through sodium evaporation Check for updates Maider Zarrabeitia 1,2,3 , Iñigo Salazar 3,4 , Begoña Acebedo 3,5 & Miguel Ángel Muñoz-Márquez 6,7 Sodium-ion batteries are well positioned to become, in the near future, the energy storage system for stationary applications and light electromobility.
The split in reduction peak is attributed to the rearrangement of the local redox environment resulting from the migration of Na ions from Na to the Na sites. 39 Fig. 3 illustrates that the peak current signicantly rises with a rise in calcination temperature, exhibiting reduced polarization (Table S3 †), suggesting an enhancement in sodium ion transport and reaction kinetics due to calcination treatment.
A gradual temperature-dependent increase of quasielastic broadening has been observed in previous studies on Na-based ionic conductors. The increase in jump frequency with temperature, thus enhanced ionic mobility, has also been observed by several molecular dynamics simulation studies on NASICON 27 and other ionic conductors, e.g., b-Li 3 PS 4 . 67 Some of the remaining QENS spectra are shown in ESI (Fig.
Oxide-based SE families, such as NASICONs (Na 1+x Zr 2 P 3-x Si x O 12 ), garnets (A 3 B 2 X 3 O 12 ) and perovskites (ABO 3 ) display good conductivities (10 -3/-4 S.cm -1 at room temperature) and have the advantage over sulfides to be less air and moisture-sensitive, leading to much easier handling despite requiring higher sintering temperatures (Meesala et al., 2017;Lau et al., 2018;Zheng et al., 2018).
The correlations between the peak current densities I p and the square root of the scan rate v 1/2 as presented in Fig. 6d where I p is the peak current, n is the number of electrons transferred of the reaction, A is the surface area of the electrode, C 0 is the bulk concentration of sodium ions in the electrode (2.35 Â 10 À3 mol cm À3 ), D is the diffusion coefficient of Na + , and v is the scanning rate.
Copyright 2019, John Wiley and Sons); (C) ABF-and HAADF-STEM images of a P2-type Na 0.67 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.33-x Mg x O 2 (x = 0) electrode when charging to 4.22 V at the zone axis; The yellow and red rectangles indicate areas with the P2 and O2 structure; ABF-and HAADF-STEM images of a P2-type Na 0.67 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.33-x Mg x O 2 (x = 0.05) electrode when charging to 4.22 V (Reproduced with permission from Ref. .
For example, at -20 °C, the conductivity of 1.0 M NaPF 6 -EC/EMC (EC: ethylene carbonate; EMC: ethyl methyl carbonate) reduces to 1.4 mS cm -1 , and the charge transfer resistance increases by two orders of magnitude from 322 U to ∼31 000 U. 10 Such a dramatic loss of performance can be seen in other SIB electrolytes, as summarized in Table S3. † To address this challenge, many strategies have been explored.
Because of the abundant supply and low cost of Na, as well as their functioning mechanisms similar to those of lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been investigated as a potential replacement for presently commercialized LIBs. Because of its larger ionic radius, higher mass, and smaller operating voltage, the Na ion puts several limits on battery application compared to the Li ion.
Noting that Fe 4+ is not stable outside electrochemical cells and therefore ex situ investigations may not provide accurate results, a limited number of in situ Mössbauer studies characterising the reversible oxidation of Fe 3+ to Fe 4+ have been published on Li-based electrochemical systems. 272,273 To the best of our knowledge there are no reports of in situ Mössbauer studies on sodium-ion battery systems.
Hard carbon (with a gravimetric theoretical capacity of 300 mAh g -1 and volumetric theoretical capacity of 420 mAh cm -3 ) 58 can be synthesized by a wide range of methods such as chemical, thermal, or biomass-derived processes from various organic compounds at elevated temperatures (700-2000 °C). 58 Low-cost precursors and easy synthesis procedures have made hard carbon a promising anode material for NIBs.
The sodium ion diffusion coefficient D Na can be calculated from the Randles-Sevcik equation:I P = 2:69 × 10 5 n 3=2 ACD 1=2 Na ν 1=2 , I P is the peak current (A), ν is the potential scan rate (v s -1 ), n is the total number of electrons reacted per mole in the electrochemical process (n = 1), A is the effective area of electrode (1.5386 cm 2 ), C is the intrinsic concentration of Na + (0.01255 mol cm -3 ).
Two new electrochemical systems have been developed for sodium-ion batteries with a positive electrode based on manganese-doped sodium iron phosphate (NaFe 0.5 Mn 0.5 PO 4 ) and a negative electrode based on a CoGe 2 P 0.1 nanostructure, as well as with a positive electrode based on iron-doped sodium vanadophosphate (Na 3 V 1.9 Fe 0.1 (PO 4 ) 3 ) and a negative electrode based on a CoGe 2 P 0.1 nanostructure.
These include such as a tunable stoichiometric compositions, unique crystal structures, chemical properties such as rich redox sites, and relatively higher electrical conductivity, relative to their transition metal-oxide counterparts. The electrochemical performances of transition metal chalcogenide as an anode for sodium-ion batteries are summarized in Table 2. batteries (LIBs) as promising anode materials.
O3-type cathode materials are prone to spontaneous exchange of Na + and H + in ambient air, resulting in loss of bulk Na and insertion of water in the bulk ; Residual Na species on the particle surface will react with water and CO 2 in ambient air to form sodium carbonate, sodium hydroxide etc., which are insulative to sodium ion transport, and excessive surface residual alkali will make the slurry gelation .
However, sequential features resembling pseudo-graphitic domains appear, which are characteristic of turbostratic and ramen-like structures. 31 X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns (Fig. 1b; inset) exhibit two broad peaks corresponding to the and features of hard carbon materials. 32,33 By applying Bragg's law to the highest intensity of the peak, an average interlayer distance of 0.375 (AE0.01) nm is determined.
These results support the ex situ literature data suggesting that NASICON is not thermodynamically stable against sodium and produces decomposition products includ-Na 2 3 , Na 4 SiO 4 and Na 3 P that have sluggish Na + ionic conductivity. 18,19 The electrochemical change of the oxide species could be explained by the formation of these products, and contribute to the increase in concentration under sodiation.
Materials of the sodium superionic conductor (NASICON) family are promising candidates, as many have demonstrated high conductivity, electrochemical stability, and mechanical integrity. With these and other classes of ion conductor showing promise for use in next-generation energy storage technologies, it is helpful to have a clear picture of the various factors that contribute to the measured conductivities.
The presence of several heteroatoms can provide additional sites for sodium accommodation and improve electrolyte wettability, enhancing the sodium storage performance in HCs. 39,44 These observations show the important role that carbonization temperature plays in the morphology and internal structure of HC, highlighting the importance of heat treatment conditions to improve the properties of carbon materials.
This means that almost equal amounts of Li and Na ions were extracted during the discharging process, because the amounts of initial two phases in the Na-inserted LTO electrode are estimated to be equal. 6,14 We would like to emphasize that the dominant factor to decide the resultant phases is the relation between the discharge voltage profile and the Li-extraction potential for a LTO electrode in a SIB cells.
P2-type layered structure and the oxidation states of Mn and Co elements in the pristine Na 0.67 Co 0.25 Mn 0.75 O 2 material have not been changed, whereas a few Ce ions might have entered the crystal lattice of the P2 oxide during CeO 2 surface modication. 2.00 wt% CeO 2 -modied Na 0.67 Co 0.25 Mn 0.75 O 2 exhibits the best cyclic stability and the kinetic characteristics under the experimental conditions.
After detailed fitting and calculation, the contributions from capacitance and diffusion for the NSC-600 electrode are 78.1%, 81.9%, 84.9%, 87.1%, 89.8%, 91.6%, and 93.7%, respectively, at scan rates of 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, 1.0, 1.2, and 1.4 mV s -1 (Figure 4D), manifesting favorable capacitive dominated electrochemical process, which contributes to its stable sodium storage performance (Augustyn et al., 2014).
The NPD data do not show any superstructure reflections, characteristic of honeycomb ordering on the transition metal sites, observed in, for instance in P2-type Na 2/3 Mn 2/3 Ni 1/2 O 2 , which results in symmetry lowering to the space group P6 3 . 98,99 This is not surprising since due to the close ionic radius of Mn IV (0.53 Å) and Fe III (0.645 Å), 100 also reducing the likelihood of Fe/Mn atomic ordering.
It was noted that the higher the electronegativity of the metal in the framework position, the lower the sodium content in the compound; this was explained by the fact that an increase in EN in the series Mg → Mn → Fe → Co → Ni leads to an increase in the covalence of the metal-oxygen bond and can reduce polarization of the framework and hence its ability to accommodate the smaller sodium ion (with higher EN).
In summary, in response to the issues of NASICONs with low capacity, poor capacity retention at high current densities, and noticeable volumetric variation, this work proposed a configurational entropy engineering strategy by introducing five other dopants at the 12c site for improving the NASICON material (HE-V) that demonstrated high energy-density Na + storage capabilities and ''low-strain'' characteristics.
Our study provides a detailed picture of the complex ion transport in NaSICONs of variable composition. a Helmholtz-Institut Münster (IEK-12), Although Na + ion conducting NaSICON materials were discovered more than 50 years ago and have been intensively studied in recent years, the examined compositional range of NaSICONs is still limited, and a thorough understanding of Na + ion transport seems to be lacking.
Martha Gross Key Battery Attributes Catholyte: 25 mol % NaI in AlBr 3 salt NaSICON sintered at 1230°C yields >96% bulk density, acceptable phase purity, and ~10 -3 S/cm at 25°C. • High overpotential at low current density • Post Mortem: Na wet poorly to NaSICON In-situ Formation of Na + -Conducting "Chaperone Phase" Improves Charge Transfer 19 • Battery cycled 5 cycles at 0.5 mA cm -2 , 5 cycles at 1 mA cm -2 .
Operando 23 Na ssNMR experiments are able to probe different local atomic environments present during cycling, and additionally are not susceptible to degradation or relaxation effects that might affect the ex situ results. 14 Two peaks at À10 ppm and 1135 ppm are observed for the pristine electrochemical cell corresponding to the NaPF 6 electrolyte and the sodium metal counter electrode, respectively (Fig. 2).
On the other hand, Raman spectroscopy can provide insights into changes in carbon bond vibrations, potentially deconvoluting the effects of electrochemical processes. 29 Based on these, we propose an updated and more holistic three-stage model for the sodium storage mechanism in microporous hard carbons, systematically combining electrochemical characterizations with operando SAXS, WAXS, and Raman spectroscopy.
In addition, the sodium ion diffusion coefficients (D) can be calculated from the oblique line in the low-frequency region according to the eqn : 16,36 Here, R, T, A, n, F and C are xed values, which corresponds to the gas constant, the absolute temperature, the surface area of the electrode, the number of electrons per reaction, the Faraday constant, and the concentration of Na + in the material, respectively.
In MgFe 2 O 4 , spinel ferrite acts as a buffer for the matrix to maintain structural stability and reduce the effect of volume change during charging and discharging. 28,29 Additionally, the spinel ferrite performs better than single oxide and has higher electrical conductivity. 30,31 Interestingly, cobalt ferrite (CoFe 2 O 4 ) has attracted research attention as a potential anode material for Na-ion batteries.
In the typical initial discharge curve, the reflection at ) is slightly shifted to the lower angles because of the expansion of the lattice (Figure 7a Herein, the creation of OVs via combination with carbon coating lead to B-TiO2(B) nanobelts anode that presents a fast electrochemical kinetics and a superior sodium storage behavior including excellent high-rate performances and remarkably lengthened cyclability.
Fan et al. designed FeS@g-C composites with a graphitic carbon coating that enhanced electrical conductivity and minimized diffusion barriers, resulting in superior performance at -25 °C. 224 The synergistic interactions in binary metal sulfides, such as CuGaS 2 /graphene 225 and CoGa 2 S 4 /graphene, 226 further improved ionic conductivity, ensuring excellent sodium storage capabilities in subzero environments.
Initial discharge capacity of 80.8 mA h/g was observed with a small plateau at 2.5 V and a large plateau at 3 V, which can be ascribed to structural rearrangement or Na-ion ordering during the electrochemical reaction. 13) The cycle performance of the Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 electrode is In summary, carbon-coated Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 cathode materials were successfully synthesized by a simple and low-cost pyro-synthesis method.
In this work, we use O3-Na[Li 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 , a promising O3-type oxygen anionic redox (OAR) cathode material for sodium-ion batteries, to demonstrate the complex reaction mechanism in a ternary system featuring two alkaline metals, both of which can form various oxide species with manganese, and importantly, the pivotal role of the synthesis atmosphere in determining the reaction pathways during the synthesis.
Unlike single cubic anti-perovskites, they are not suffering from the disadvantage of alkali metals and electrochemically active elements sharing the same crystallographic position, 6 which is known to impede the (de)intercalation kinetics and to cause relatively rapid structural degradation. 7 One example of a double anti-perovskite structure is Na 2 Fe 2 S 2 O, which was recently tested in sodium-ion batteries.
The half-cell was assembled in an Arfilled glove box (MBraun, O 2 & H 2 O < 0.5 ppm) using the asprepared anode as the working electrode, GF/F Whatman glass microfiber filter as a separator, and sodium metal (sodium ingot, 99.8%, Alfa Aesar) as the counter electrode. 1 M NaPF 6 , dissolved in ethylene carbonate (EC) and diethyl carbonate (DEC) solvent (volume ratio of EC : DEC = 1 : 1) was used as an electrolyte.
It should be noted that the obtained coulombic efficiency values are extremely high, demonstrating that the use of activated carbon as the anode effectively eliminates the effect of unwanted compounds usually forming at the reactive sodium metal/electrolyte interface. 3 The cell cycled with the organic electrolyte shows the highest initial discharge capacity ($101 mA h g À1 ), but coupled with substantial fading.
The investigation of the electrochemical behavior clearly shows the as-prepared P3-Na 0.8 [Mn 1-y Ni y ]O 2 (y=1/3 ; 1/2) compounds actually behave like the references P2-Na 2/3 Mn 2/3 Ni 1/3 O 2 and O3-Na 1 Mn 1/2 Ni 1/2 O 2 , respectively, which clearly questions the interest of stoichiometric P-type layered compounds as a solution to target both high energy density and high power performances Na-ion batteries.
This behaviour has been previously observed in studies of P2-type materials, and may be attributed to an inhomogeneous transition rate within the electrode. 67,119 As the current rate is increased, these features are smoothed out, which is consistent with the assumption that the appearance of the P2 → Z transition may be either rate dependent or dependent on the amount of sodium transferred to/from the electrode.
Thermodynamically, conventional carbonate-based electrolytes freeze below -20 °C, 24,25 while sodium salts like NaPF 6 precipitate in single-solvent systems, disrupting ionic pathways. 10,13,26 Electrode materials such as Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 undergo irreversible phase transitions at subzero temperatures, causing lattice strain and capacity loss. 24,27 Fig. 3(a) summarizes some of the challenges of LT SIB operation.
However, the lack of high performance cathode materials is one of the major obstacles for the development of current room temperature sodium ion batteries.1-2 O3-type layer-structured materials NaTMO2 (TM = transition metals) have been widely investigated as cathode materials for sodium ion batteries (SIBs) inspired by lithium battery system. The commonly used 3d transition metals are Fe, Co, Ni, Mn, V, Cr and Ti.
Recently, Tong et al. prepared hollow amorphous NaFePO 4 nanospheres on a large scale by a simple in situ hard template process, and they proposed the possible formation mechanism of the hollow nanospheres. 62 Firstly, the Fe nanospheres as a hard template can be formed by heating iron(II) stearate, and then the Fe nanospheres were further reacted with NaH 2 PO 4 to obtain the hollow structured NaFePO 4 (Fig. 5a).
Tuy nhiên, nguồn lithi hiện nay có trữ lượng giới hạn, phân bố không đồng đều giữa các quốc gia cùng với nhu cầu sử dụng pin sạc ngày càng tăng cao dẫn đến nguồn lithi sụt giảm do khai thác quá mức, đồng thời giá thành của LIB tăng nhanh 2 . Để giải quyết các vấn đề trên, nhiều công trình đã tập trung vào nghiên cứu và phát triền thế hệ pin sạc Na-ion (NIB) với mục đích có thể thay thế một phần cho pin sạc LIB 3 .
In Figure 3(e), as the initial stage of HC presodiated by direct contact with sodium metal (cHC) and pure HC is not the same, the first charge of the cell using NFCCu coupled with cHC exhibits a charge curve different from that of the cell using pure HC but close to the charge curve of NFCCu in half-cell with sodium metal anode, demonstrating that a solid electrolyte interface (SEI) is formed on the surface of HC.
The presence of similar additional peaks was not observed previously during galvanostatic cycling in the in situ 23 Na NMR study of a Na symmetrical cell with Na bis(trifluoromethylsulfonyl)imide (NaTFSI) in propylene carbonate (PC) electrolyte 10 , but has been observed in ex situ 23 Na NMR measurements of NIB hard carbon electrodes 28 with 1 M NaPF 6 / PC and fluoroethylene carbonate (FEC, 2 wt%) as an additive.
Among the various anode materials for SIBs, carbon-based materials are particularly promising due to their abundant resources, excellent sodium storage capacity and favourable electrochemical performance. 5 Covalent organic frameworks (COFs), emerging as porous organic polymers, offer numerous advantages such as abundant active sites, well-defined pore structures, high specific surface areas and stable frameworks.
Li + /Li 0 and Na + /Na 0 , respectively, through the redox activity of the Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ couple. Upon reducing the lower cutoff voltage beyond Na 3 Ti 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , an additional mole of sodium can be intercalated at 0.45 V with concomitant reduction of Ti 3+ / Ti 2+ , accounting for a total capacity of 150 mA h g -1 . 33 Another NASICON-Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 reversibly exchanges Na ions at a lower voltage (∼1.6 V vs.
The good performance at high rate (Figure S3c-f, 130 mAh/g capacity with 65% retention after 1000 cycles at 2C) also corroborates that the presence of oxygen vacancies and metal oxide layer distortions lower the Na-ion diffusion barrier. Galvanostatic intermittent titration (GITT) result shows that the Na-ion diffusion rate is in the magnitude of 10 -11 cm 2 /s over the majority of the charging process (Figure S9).
In general, NaxTMO2 can be classified into P2-and O3-type based on the prismatic and octahedral positions of Na ions in lattice, respectively. 28 Comparatively, P2-type has faster Na ion transport than O3-type due to straight Na + diffusion paths provided by open prismatic structure. 29,30 Meanwhile, P2-type has better high-voltage tolerance than O3-type due to higher oxidation potential of the prismatic structure.
In comparison to pure metal sulfide materials, the MoS x -GO chalcocarbogel exhibits an increase in specific capacity and cycle performance. 44, This discovery underscores the significance of the interactions between Mo-S and carbon-based (e.g., GO) materials to form distinct local structures in the gel matrix, enabling anodes for Li-ion and Na-ion batteries with high specific capacities and good cycle performance.
While alloy-and conversion-based anode materials show potential, they suffer from significant drawbacks, including high plateau voltage, poor cycling stability, and low initial coulombic efficiency (ICE). 7-9 Among alternative materials, hard carbon (HC) stands out due to its disordered, randomly graphitized structure, delivering a specific capacity of about 300 mAh g -1 and a low output voltage of around 0.2 V vs.
In general, the porous structure has the following advantages: (i) Large electrode/electrolyte interface: huge specific surface area and high porosity can increase active sites; (ii) Fast ion/electron exchange rate: porous structures accelerate sodium storage reaction kinetics and improve rate performance; and (iii) Excellent structural stability: stable porous structures can effectively buffer the volume expansion.
Simultaneously, electrochemistry exploration verifies that iron/ vanadium bimetallic sulfide (V 1.87 FeS 4 , the mass ratio of ferric nitrate nonahydrate to NaVO 3 is 2 : 1) exhibits promising sodium storage rate behavior (specific capacity is 424.67 mAh g -1 at 0.05 A g -1 and remains 192.82 mAh g -1 at 10 A g -1 ), desirable capacitive contribution (86.48% at 0.1 mV s -1 ), and rather fast Na + diffusion kinetics.
As schematically shown in Fig. 6, the strongly solvating groups (carbonyl groups) in the organic electrolyte will arrange in an appropriate manner as a preferred solvation shell of the cations (Li þ or Na þ ) (refs 35-37), and it has been proven that sodium ion presents a weaker solvation shell with smaller de-solvation energy and lower activation barrier for sodiation transport compared with the lithium ion 35,38 .
Enhancing the surface roughness of closed pores while maintain low specic surface area for hard carbon holds great potential for achieving a favorable balance between high ICE and excellent sodium storage capacity. 20,21 In this work, we present a carbon structure engineering strategy to enhance the sodium storage performance of hard carbon by treating cyano-functionalized phenolic resin-derived carbons with NH 3 .
Four cathodic peaks can been seen in the rst cycle, and there is splitting peaks located at around 0.90 V which composed of the peaks at 0.95 V and 0.85 V, attributed to the conversion reaction of the CuSbS 2 (CuSbS 2 + 4Na + + 4e À / Cu + Sb + 2Na 2 S) and the formation of solid-electrolyte interface (SEI). 37 The formation of SEI contributed to the sodium storage capacity, so it caused the merge of the two peaks.
All samples exhibit two broad peaks at approximately 23°and 44°, corresponding to the 002 and 100 crystal planes of graphite, respectively, indicating that the samples retained the typical amorphous structure of hard carbon. 20 Moreover, the peak shis to a lower angle with increasing red phosphorus content, indicating that phosphidation enlarges the interlayer spacing of the graphite domains within the hard carbon.
With a reversible P2-Z/O3-P3-O3′ phase transition [Figure 6E], the biphasic Na 0.7 Ni 0.2 Cu 0.1 Fe 0.2 Mn 0.5 O 2-δ overperformed P2 and O3-type analogs in terms of rate capability and cycling stability [Figure 6F]. , Wiley-VCH; (K) Schematic diagram of the formation conditions of mixed-phase materials; (L) Electrochemical performance of the P3/P2/O3 tri-phase cathode compared to biphasic P3/P2 and P2/O3 materials.
Like carbon, these sulfur defects may show weaker interactions with sodium that enable easier sodium ion migration in the vicinity of the defects compared with lithium. 67 For point (ii), according to reports revealing the storage site, less sodium is stored in the interlayer space of HC compared with Li + . 2,66 The reported selectiveness of this storage site in HCs may enhance sodium diffusion and prevent trapping.
This synergistic effect contributes to improved coulombic efficiency, reduced interfacial resistance, and increased lithium/sodium ion ux uniformity, ultimately leading to superior high-rate performance and long-term cycling stability. 46 The PL(S)-MrGO/Li(Na) x Sb 2 O 3 composite was synthesized by ultrasonic and microwave treatments, followed by chemical prelithiation/sodiation and drying under ambient conditions.
The average structure of Na(Ni2/3Sb1/3)O2 is always found to adopt an O3-type stacking sequence, though different structures for the disordered (R3m, #166, a = b = 3.06253 A and c = 16.05192 A) and ordered variants (C2/m, #12, a = 5.30458 A, b = 9.18432 A, c = 5.62742 A and p = 108.2797°) are demonstrated through the combined Rietveld refinement of synchrotron X-ray and time-of-flight neutron powder diffraction data.
Electrochemical performance and full-cell application of Mn@Fe/ H-PBA//PI//Na: (f) schematic illustration of the full cell; (g) average voltage, specific capacity, and energy density based on total electrode mass; (h) rate performance; and (i) long-term cycling performance at 5 and 10 A g -1 . from structural degradation due to Jahn-Teller distortion and progressive capacity decay during sodium-ion (de)intercalation.
Energy storage is significant for the development of low-carbon and zero-carbon power systems; however, the widespread deployment of lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) for large-scale energy storage is constrained by the limited availability of lithium resources. 1 Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which share similar compositions and reaction mechanisms with LIBs, 2 are emerging as promising alternative energy storage systems.
All NASICON materials were synthesized via the SA-SSR method as described by Ma et al. 43 Stoichiometric amounts of NaNO 3 (Merck, ACS), ZrO(NO 3 ) 2 $xH 2 O (Sigma-Aldrich, techn. grade), and where applicable, Sc 2 O 3 (Projector GmbH, 99.5%), Al(NO 3 ) 2 $9H 2 O (VWR, 99.2%) and Y(NO 3 ) 2 $6H 2 O (VWR, 99.8%), were dissolved in diluted HNO 3 (Aldrich, ACS grade), followed by tetraethyl orthosilicate (Merck, $99%).
The observation of the shifted peaks at positive frequencies in the ex situ spectra is highly dependent on the time for which the cell was allowed to rest prior to recovering the electrode, with relaxation occurring over the course of several hours; this observation indicates that the material formed after sodium insertion continues to react with electrolyte resulting in self-discharge and oxidation of the electrode.
Lithium ion batteries (LIBs), as an important energy storage system applied in portable electronic devices and electric vehicles, are bearing the burden of massive consumption and resource shortage of Li reserves. The revival of sodium ion batteries (SIBs) seems to be able to soften this energy tension due to the high abundance and low cost of sodium as well as its suitable redox potential of E o (Na+/Na)= -2.71 V vs.
The P3/P2-Na 0.66 Co 0.5 -Mn 0.5 O 2 biphasic layered material comprising z76% of the P3type phase and z24% of the P2-type structure was also found to perform better electrochemically relative to the equivalent pure P3-type material. 160 Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy revealed that deintercalation of sodium in the biphasic system is compared to the pure P3 phase, giving rise to steady capacities at high rates.
Liu et al. and Song et al. have demonstrated that the Sb@C yolk-shell structure could effectively accommodate the dramatic volumetric expansion of Sb during Li-/Na-ion insertion with excellent electrochemical performance in SIBs. 29,30 In this work, it is our main aim to comprehensively study the effect of the proportion of interior space in the Sb@C yolk-shell structure on the electrochemical performance of the SIBs.
Supervalent M-substitution in NaSICONs materials has been poorly investigated, but studies of Na 1+x-y M y Zr 2-y Si x P 3-x O 12 with M 5+ = V, Nb, Ta show promising conductivities up to 5.5 × 10 -3 S cm -1 for Na 3.3 Zr 1.9 Nb 0.1 Si 2.4 P 0.6 O 12 . 135,140,150 Additionally, the Na + ion mobility can be inuenced by Na +cation interactions, which are determined by the valence electron conguration of the M cations.
Due to their fascinating structural characteristics, such as larger surface area, thinner shell thickness, and larger internal space, hollow micro-/nanostructures demonstrate promising potential for use in sodium-ion batteries with abundant Na + ion storage sites, shorter transport pathways, and improved buffering of the volume changes induced by stress/strain in successive intercalation/de-intercalation of Na + ions.
The computations reveal that TB-I phase can be the best choice among the four TB phases for the SIB anode material due to relatively low volume change under 4% upon Na insertion, low electrode voltage under 1.0 V with a possibility of realizing the highest specific capacity of ∼335 mA h g -1 from fully sodiation at x = 1, and reasonably low activation barriers under 0.35 eV at the Na content from x = 0.125 to x = 0.5.
S13 and S14 †), which are among the largest reported for sodium layered oxides (e.g., D z 10 À11 cm 2 s À1 for P2-Na 7/9 Cu 2/ 9 Fe 1/9 Mn 2/3 O 2 and D z 10 À12 to 10 À11 cm 2 s À1 for Na 0.7 Mn 0.7 -Ni 0.3Àx Co x O 2 , x ¼ 0, 0.1, 0.3). 51,52 Electrochemical performance Fig. 3a shows cyclic voltammetry data of Na 2.4 Mn 2.6 Al 0.4 O 7 in the 1 st , 2 nd , 5 th , and 10 th cycles in the voltage range of 1.5-4.7 V vs.
Due to the higher potential of sodium compared to lithium and the higher ionic radius and mass of sodium ions versus lithium ions, SIBs most likely will not be able to exceed the energy density of the best LIBs (Tapia-Ruiz et al., 2021), but might offer advantages in terms of low temperature performance (Rudola et al., 2021), thermal stability (Kuze et al., 2013) and transportation/storage safety (Bauer et al., 2018).
In recent years, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as attractive alternatives to replace lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) for large-scale energy storage applications because sodium is much more abundant and inexpensive than lithium. Since both lithium and sodium are alkali metals with one electron in their valence shells, there was the expectation that materials developed for LIBs could be directly applied to SIBs.
Typically, the LTP@C/CNTs electrode achieves a discharge capacity of 97.37 mA h g -1 and 90.88 mA h g -1 in ALIBs and ASIBs at 3 A g -1 current density. 30 The research on NASICON-structured sodium titanium phosphate and lithium titanium phosphate is mainly to improve its electronic conductivity by controlling the particle size, coating a carbon layer or adding high conductive materials (graphene and carbon nanotubes).
It was only aer 2008 that this battery technology regained momentum as demonstrated by the many research groups starting to investigate SIB materials. 1 Concerns about the long-term availability of the raw materials employed for LIBs production, the potential lower cost of SIBs 5 as well as a renewed interest in more sustainable energy storage systems 6 has triggered the escalated attention towards the SIB technology.
Specically, for the practical application of highenergy-density LIBs and SIBs, it is essential to suppress the loss of active lithium/sodium ions in the electrolyte and enhance the initial coulombic efficiency (ICE) of the anodes up to ∼100%. This study developed a simple synthesis route for chemically pre-lithiated/sodiated MrGO/Li(Na) x Sb 2 O 3 composites to suppress irreversible reactions occurring during cycling.
During insertion, the storage mechanism and the SRC and PRC contributions will depend upon the carbonization temperatures, surface defects/atoms, and types of pores in the hard carbon. 21 Komaba et al. 76 reported the new mechanism for sucrose-based hard carbon and suggested that the SRC is related to the defect-assisted adsorption at the edge of the graphitic planes and defect-assisted insertion into graphitic layers.
Therefore, the SHC@rGO hybrid anode shows obviously higher cycling stability and reversible capacity, which are S-doping hard carbon provides active sites for the storage of lithium, while the rGO layers offer a highly conductive matrix and high contact area can lead to effective contact with the electrolyte into the electrode and quickly transport ions into the deeper parts of the SHC@rGO particles and graphite layer.
X-ray diffraction measurements of the d-spacing (the average inter-sheet spacing) show marked dilation between sheets during the low-potential plateau sodiation, which indicates that the plateau capacity might originate from inter-sheet intercalation of Na-ions instead of nanoplating in micropores 11,16 these authors report that doping facilitates a larger d-spacing, which is responsible for the higher capacity 17,18 .
Ni and Zn doping was also reported to provide more active sites for lithium and sodium storage by Han et al. 68,69 In another work, Li et al. found that Ti doping could decrease the size of CoO, enhance the specific surface area of the Ti-doped CoO@carbon composite and, as a result, improve the pseudocapacitance contribution. 15 However, it remains unclear how the doped elements function during the conversion reaction.
Building on an experimental setup described in our previous work, unidirectional galvanostatic testing at 100, 500, and 1000 mA cm -2 is performed on symmetric cells containing uncoated and Sn-coated NaSICON to simulate high-current long duration (dis)charge half-cycles. 45 Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) is performed after each interval to monitor the interfacial resistance as a function of discharge time.
Lu et al. learned about the storage mechanism of hard carbon at different temperatures by synthesizing ZnN4-containing hard carbon, a derivative of 2, 4-diaminophenol formaldehyde resin, thus verifying the possibility of hard carbon working at low temperatures and provided new strategies to achieve the purpose of regulating the complex interfacial electrochemistry and electrode chemistry of hard carbon-based materials .
The resulting precursor material was ground and sintered at 750 °C for 12 h in a tube furnace under an argon atmosphere. a Specific energy is directly from the literature and the average potential is calculated. b Specific energy is calculated from the integration of the potential-capacity. c 2Na exchange. d 3Na exchange. e Prussian blue analogues. have reported hazards given that there is not much experience with them.
Prussian blue analogs (PBAs), despite their open frameworks and minimal volume changes (<1%), exhibit structural voids and interstitial water from rapid crystallization, degrading capacity retention at LT. 43,44 Additionally, their poor electronic conductivity exacerbates polarization, requiring conductive composites like Prussian blue (PB)/CNT, yet challenges persist in balancing conductivity with structural integrity.
In Figure S12, the computed voltage-capacity curve of Ca 2+ intercalation into NaVP is plotted and shows similar voltage (3.11 V ~ 3.25 V) and capacity (81 mAh•g -1 ) to published reports (Figure 1). 21,22 The chemical oxidation of Ca0.7Na0.8VP that resulted in Na + extraction to form Ca0.7Na0.2VP (Figure 3) also begins in the same three-phase region where electrochemically discharging NaVP ends (Ca0.16NaVP-Na3VP-CaVP).
LZP demonstrates exceptional air and moisture stability similar to other NASICON-type Li-ion conductors such as Li 1+x Al x Ti 2-x (-PO 4 ) 3 (LATP) and Li 1+x Al x Ge 2-x (PO 4 ) 3 (LAGP), 20 and demonstrates greater chemical compatibility with lithium metal than LATP and LAGP. 21 However, microstructural heterogeneity due to the grain size, grain boundaries, and polymorphism can drive a range of degradation mechanisms.
Dựa vào kết quả GCPL trước đó, bán pin hard carbon/Na sử dụng hệ điện giải EC:DMC:PC (1:1:1) + 1 M NaOTf được khảo sát để đánh giá vùng hoạt động phản ứng đan cài. Đường cong CV (Hình 3) cho thấy quá trình đan cài ion Na + vào vật liệu hard carbon gồm 2 quá trình: vùng hấp phụ ion Na + vào lỗ trống của hard carbon thể hiện qua cặp peak ở vùng thế < 0,1 V và vùng đan cài ion Na + vào giữa các lớp graphene của hard carbon.
Previous studies have showed that HSE functional is able to describe the structural and electronic properties of FeFe(CN) 6 35 as well as the sodium intercalation voltages of Na 2 MnFe(CN) 6 . 18 GGA + U methods have been shown to reach a good agreement with HSE functional only if different effective U values are applied to each site of FeFe(CN) 6 , 35 which hinders its application as a predictive tool in PBAs compounds.
In our calculations, a phase transition between rhombohedral Na 2 NiFe(CN) 6 and tetragonal NaNiFe(CN) 6 is predicted, whereas the rhombohedral Na 2 NiFe(CN) 6 is preserved in experiments possibly due to the metastability caused by fast charge/discharge processes. 40 ■ SCREENING FOR PBA CATHODES FOR AQUEOUS NA-ION BATTERIES Based on the above findings, we have performed a comprehensive screening for aqueous PBA cathodes.
It has been reported that the specific surface area of hard carbon decreases upon increasing high pyrolysis temperature, e.g., 1400 to 1600 ºC. 50,51 However, a high-temperature treatment not only raises the cost but sometimes reduces the reversible capacity. 52,53 Therefore, it is critical to find an alternative method that is effective to reduce the surface area of hard carbon at a relatively low pyrolysis temperature.
Grain boundaries in solid electrolytes have previously been considered as sites for preferential metal penetration and, in this case, the small voids observed in the plan-view image in Figure 2a could allow the liquid electrodes facile access to exposed grain boundaries. These voids could then serve as the initial pathways for Na to infiltrate NaSICON, increasing the true contact area and decreasing the total resistance.
The Na-ion intercalation pseudocapacitance enabled by tailor-deigned nanostructures represents a promising strategy for developing electrode materials with high power density and long cycle life. ver the past few decades, tremendous efforts have been focused on the development of lithium ion batteries (LIBs) used in portable electric devices and electric vehicles because of their high energy density and long cycle life .
Also, more number of electrons can be attracted to an extent due to higher electronegativity of uorine, and thus the electrical conductivity is increased. 13 In addition, the mesoporous structure in the FC can not only act as the reservoirs for sodium ion storage, but also accelerate the transportation of Na + -ions and the electrons throughout the electrode matrix which resulted in the improved electrochemical kinetics.
For example, while O3-LiCoO 2 is generally known to maintain its hexagonal structure up to Li $0.5 CoO 2 , the O3 phase of NaCoO 2 is frequently changed to O 0 3 (Na 0.95 CoO 2 ), P 0 3 (Na 0.9 CoO 2 ), and P3 (Na 0.82 CoO 2 ) during a charge process, which leads to inferior cyclic stability of O3-NaCoO 2 compared with that of O3-LiCoO 2 . 13,21 Another interesting example of the dramatic effect of ionic size is NaCrO 2 .
Tarascon and Palacin's group first ever reported that Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 reversibly reacted with sodium as a low average potential of 0.3 V (demonstrating 200 mAh•g -1 ) to reversibly uptake two Na ions per formula unit. 49) P2-type layered Na 0.68 [Li 0.22 Ti 0.78 ]O 2 delivered a reversible specific capacity of 116 mAh•g -1 (corresponding to 0.38 Na + ion insertion per formula unit) at an average storage potential of 0.75 V.
Meanwhile, the Ti substitution content was precisely optimized through theoretical calculations combined with experimental measurements, and the designed Mnbased oxide cathode achieves a good balance between dynamic Low-cost manganese-based oxides as promising cathodes for sodium-ion batteries still face significant challenges, including irreversible phase transition, air/water sensitivity, and low initial charge capacity.
Conventional manganese-based Prussian blue analogues (Mn-PBAs) oen suffer Fig. 2 Electrochemical characterization of Mn@Fe/H-PBA as cathode: (a) CV curves for the first three cycles recorded at 1 mV s -1 ; (b) cycling performance comparison of Mn@Fe/H-PBA with Mn@Fe-PBA, Mn-PBA, and MnO 2 ; (c and d) rate performance of Mn@Fe/H-PBA at various current densities; (e) long-term cycling stability of Mn@Fe/H-PBA at 10 A g -1 .
For DAP-HC, the enhanced sodium storage and kinetics can be attributed to its optimized structures: multilevel ion conductive highways, including rapid in-plane ion transport, short Na + (de)intercalation paths into the thin-walled carbon matrix and favorable interlayer channels; high-speed closed-pores for enhanced high-plateau capacity and sodiation kinetics; effective N-doping for favorable interfacial kinetic behavior.
The diffusion coefficient of Na + ion (D Na+ ) could be calculated with the following equations : where R is the gas constant; T is the absolute temperature; A is the surface area of the anode; n is the number of electrons per molecule during the reaction; F is the faraday constant; C is the concentration of sodium ion; and the simulation of Warburg factor (σ) was originated from the slope in fitting line of ω -1/2 and Z′.
Therefore, analysis of XRD and TGA-DSC-MS data suggests that residual NaOH may act as a sodium source for further sodiation of a partially sodiated P3 phase with additional w sodium ions per formula unit: From 200 to 450 °C, the in-situ XRD experiment showed an increase of crystallinity of the P3 phase, a shrinkage of the a lattice parameter and increase of the interlayer distance (c lattice parameter) of the P3 structure.
Thus, significant growth is expected for SIBs, with an increase in market demand from 135 GW h in 2019 to 270 GW h by 2025 (+671%). 9 There are several start-ups, and also established companies entering the market with different types of SIB chemistries. SIB share the same electrochemical principles as LiB, where their only difference is the use of sodium instead of lithium as the cathode and the electrolyte, respectively.
Many ethical concerns have been raised in regard to the mining process of these metals, 6,7 and some of these metals are at a high supply risk and have been assessed as critical raw materials (CRMs). 8 Efficient design of anode materials remains necessary to overcome the slow kinetics and reduced rate of Na-ion diffusion in active materials, to facilitate the large-scale development and commercialisation of energy storage.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) utilize a similar working principle as todays LIBs (Sun, 2020), but enable the replacement of the above-mentioned critical raw materials with highly abundant materials, such as sodium for lithium, hard carbon for graphite, and manganese-based, but cobalt-free oxides as host materials for positive (cathode) electrodes, which offer promising performance (Hasa et al., 2021;Tapia-Ruiz et al., 2021).
However, by combining insights from XRD structural analysis (Fig. 8 and9) and activation energy barriers from QENS (Fig. 5c), the temperature-dependent diffusion mechanism in our NASICON system can be summarized as follows: Below z400 K: Diffusion is dominated by localized jumps with a very low activation energy of 0.03 eV (broad Lorentzian), reecting Na + motion concentrated primarily in a local cage around the Na1 site.
The rst coulombic efficiency is calculated to be 45.1%, indicating huge irreversible capacity loss, which is in accordance with most of the TiO 2 anode materials for sodium ion batteries. 13,16,24,25,27,29,31,36 The origin of the initial huge irreversibility of TiO 2 (B) anode materials, recently discussed by Wu et al., 9 may be related to electrolyte decomposition and reorganization of TiO 2 during the initial sodiation.
Fe-based cathode materials show great potential for the battery applications due to low cost, high abundance in the Earth's crust and nontoxic feature. α-NaFeO 2 is an representative O3-type layer cathode, it delivers a reversible capacity of 80 mAh g -1 (0.33 mol Na extraction/insertion) along with a flat discharge platform about 3.3 V in the voltage range of 2.5-3.4 V , which is similar to that of isostructural LiCoO 2 .
A platinum disk (99.997%, 0.25 mm in thickness, Alfa Aesar) and aluminum foil (499.3%, 15 mm in thickness, MTI) with 12 mm diameter were attached to the working electrode side of the pellet (= the SE/carbon composite side). 54 A surface-scratched sodium metal foil with 10 mm diameter was rolled out from a sodium metal cube (99.9%, Sigma-Aldrich) and attached on the other side of the pellet as a reference/counter electrode.
By virtue of the extended stable potential window of 17 m NaClO 4 aq., the aqueous sodium-ion battery of Na 1.24 Mn[Fe(CN) 6 ] 0.81 •1.28H 2 O// NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 was able to exhibit 1.3, 1.5, and 1.8 V discharge plateaus and 117 mAh g ¹1 of discharge capacity at the first cycle, good rate capability, and good cyclability without serious degradation despite the incomplete crystallinity of the NMFCF cathode with some defects.
More critically, the foursided channels (highlighted with red in Fig. 2d) found in these shear phases, while sufficient for Li-ion transport, are far too small to accommodate Na-ion diffusion. 52 One class of materials with larger channels that has recently emerged as promising cationic intercalation hosts are the tetragonal tungsten bronzes (TTB), 50, which contain quite large five-sided tunnels, as illustrated in Fig. 2e.
Recently, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as the most promising candidates for next-generation commercial energy storage systems due to the abundance of sodium resources, and the low cost and environmental-friendliness of sodium as a raw material. Many efforts have been made to develop highperformance sodium ion storage systems with high-safety, high energy density, excellent rate capability, and long cycling life.
Na + /Na). 11 Generally, slope region is derived from the sodium adsorption in defected sites, edges, and the surface of nanographitic domains, while the low potential plateau region is mainly corresponding to deposition of sodium in the nanopores of hard carbon. 12 Therefore, the electrochemical properties of hard carbon are closely related with their microstructures (interlayer spacing, nanopores, surface area and so on).
Black phosphorus-carbon composites have not been studied much in conjunction with sodium-ion batteries, with only limited data presented in Supporting Information of paper by Qian et al. 19 Phosphorus-based electrodes for sodium-ion batteries have also been assessed by Yabuuchi et al., 21 and it has been revealed that adding uoroethylene carbonate to the electrolyte is critical for the stability of phosphorus-based anodes.
Another study demonstrated that CoFe 2 O 4 synthesised through the molten salt method using NaCl and KCl exhibited excellent electrochemical performance in Li-ion batteries with good cyclability and high reversible capacity. 42 Herein, we report that the CoFe 2 O 4 synthesised via the molten salt method using NaCl and KCl as precursors yields a remarkable electrochemical performance as an anode material in Na-ion batteries.
Meanwhile, the lower valence state of Li + promotes the incorporation of a higher Na + content (0.73) to maintain charge neutrality, which exceeds that of most reported P2-type materials and is advantageous for practical applications in full-cell congurations. In addition, Mg 2+ incorporation disrupts low-voltage Na + / vacancy ordering, and Co 2+ introduction enhances capacity retention through TM dissolution suppression.
Melamine and terephthalaldehyde are both inexpensive materials. 24,25 It has been shown that such carbons have hard-carbon-like properties, that is, they close the pores at high carbonization temperatures but their performance as anodes for sodium storage was not previously assessed. 26 Melamine-based microporous polymer networks were rstly prepared solvothermally from melamine and terephthalaldehyde in dimethyl sulfoxide.
According to the intercalation/lling-based model, high potential plateau capacity is due to the intercalation of sodium ions within planes and micropores present in the disordered carbons, which occurs when the low-energy supercapacitive adsorption is saturated. 11,61,62 Here, the effect of CN lm on the supercapacitive mode (slope region of GCD curve) is negligible as the electrodes give almost identical sloping behavior.
Her work is inherently interdisciplinary, tackling challenges at the interface of chemistry, materials science, electrochemistry, and the scale up of new battery chemistries to full proven cell prototypes. structure-property correlation in several SIB active materials which hinders a systematic optimisation of their performance, and the successful validation of lab-scale results in prototype and industrially relevant scales.
NASICON-type polyanionic compounds have garnered widespread attention owing to their high structural stability, large ion channels, and abundant active sites. Among them, NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NTP), Na 3 Fe 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NFP), Na 3 MnTi(PO 4 ) 3 (NMTP), and Na 2 VTi(PO 4 ) 3 (NVTP) Na-rich polyanion compounds are regarded as the most promising anode materials for high-performance ARSIBs, due to their structural advantages. 3.3.1.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a promising alternative to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) due to the abun-dance of sodium reserves, low-cost-effectiveness, and analogous operating principles and cell structures to LIBs. However, SIBs employing organic liquid electrolytes face significant safety challenges, including electrolyte leakage and poor thermal stability, which elevate the risks of combustion and explosion.
Both ex situ and in situ studies have been carried out on sodium-ion battery systems. 264 Recently, Wang et al. studied a P2-type layered material with composition Na 2/3 Zn 1/4 Mn 3/4 O 2 in which the unfavourable P2-O2 transition is suppressed, which signicantly improves the cycling stability and rate capability of the Na x MnO 2 system. 265 In situ XRD conrmed that the transitions were suppressed during cycling to 4.5 V.
Subsequently, Hu et al. presented a pioneering report on a ternary NASICON, Na 4 VMn 0.5 Fe 0.5 (PO 4 ) 3 , which combined the advantages of Na 4 MnV(PO 4 ) 3 and Na 4 FeV(PO 4 ) 3 with good battery performance. 26 Despite these advances, challenges still remain, including unsatisfactory longterm cycling at high current rates, structural instability, limited capacities (e.g., o120 mA h g À1 ), and low electronic conductivity.
This was conrmed by the previous studies where the unsubstituted NASICON exhibited the highest s total , s gb , and s bulk conductivity in comparison to Al/Y substituted. 23 In the Y-only substituted case, the improvement in total conductivity was observed, but it was minor. 57 In another study, the conductivity decreases as the content of Y 3+ dopants increases. 58 In this case, the ionic size of Y 3+ is larger than Zr 4+ .
This enhancement carries positive implications for the sodium-ion storage mechanism, potentially attributed to an improved desolvation process, which comes with a smooth transfer of sodium-ions through a thinner SEI layer. 42 For example, the GCD curves highlight the different electrochemical performances of HMF-HC with 1 M NaPF 6 in diglyme (Fig. 4a), achieving a reversible capacity of 376 mA h g À1 in the second cycle (Fig.
As shown in Fig. 5b, S9 and S10, † there was no obvious peak shi or splitting of the peak, indicating that intercalation behavior between carbon nanolayers didn't occur during the sodium-ion insertion/extraction process. 45 Meanwhile, ex situ SAXS tests demonstrated that the pore size became smaller when discharging from 0.1 V to 0.01 V, suggesting that sodium-ions lled the closed pores (Fig. 5c, d, S11 and S12, Table S4 †).
Recently, a complex O3-type layer-structured NaNi1/4Fe1/4Co1/4Mn1/4O2 of four transition metal elements delivers a capacity of 183 mAh g-1 but shows an 11% capacity fading after 10 cycles at the current density of 0.1C was reported. 10 These results indicated that the substitution of Fe in NaFeO2 with other transition metals is an effective way in changing the average working potential and tuning the electrochemical behaviour.
They reported an increase in conductivity by over 20 times for NASICON by reducing particle size of intermediates via jet milling after the final high-temperature calcination stage and attribute this improvement to a larger surface free energy and surface area providing a higher driving force during sintering and higher densification of the fine powder, although conductivities were low compared with other references (Table 1).
Na0.55 coexisted in the bi-phasic O3-P3 with a mismatch of Δa = 0.752%, Δc = 1.8%, and ΔV = 0.298%, whereas Na1 coexisted in the bi-phasic O1-P3 with a mismatch of Δa = 0.854%, Δc = 2.1%, and ΔV = 0.517%, indicating that the high R-value of Na0.55 reduces the degree of abrupt changes in lattice parameters during the phase transition, resulting in smaller internal stresses and interfacial energies within the electrode material.
Dispersion corrections (DFT-D3 method with Becke-Johnson damping) were included in all calculations to account for the polarisability of the graphitic structures and the metals. To model sodium intercalation in graphitic layers, a 4 Â 4 Â 2 supercell (64 atoms) was used, and for the sodium adsorption at a basal plane, or surface, a graphene monolayer containing 72 atoms and a vacuum gap between monolayers of 15 Å was employed.
The data of d 001 is shown in Table S3. † The shi towards larger angles of the diffraction peak demonstrates that the interlayer spacing of the uorinated hard carbon became narrower, potentially due to a phase transition from (C 2 F) n (interlayer spacing of 0.81 nm) to (CF 1 ) n (interlayer spacing of 0.60 nm) along with the uorination level enhancing. 30 The N 2 adsorption-desorption of FHC-1 is shown in the Fig. 3b andc.
For electrochemical testing, coin cells with elemental Na or Li were assembled in an Ar-filled glovebox (O 2 < 0.1 ppm, H 2 O < 0.1 ppm) using either 1 M NaClO 4 in propylene carbonate (PC) with 10% fluoroethylene carbonate (FEC) or 1 M LiPF 6 in a 1:1 mixture of ethylene carbonate (EC) exhibit lower desodiation potentials and are hence better suited as SIB anode materials, but suffer from very fast capacity loss upon cycling.
The fact that all published teardowns of commercial SIB cells identify HC as the AAM reinforces the absence of competitive alternatives to HC in the market. The only notable exception is the highpower cell from Natron Energy, which utilizes two different PBA materials as the AAM and CAM. 34 Given its significantly lower energy density and distinct application scope, this cell chemistry was excluded from the scope of this study.
The diameters of the depressed semicircles at mediumto-high frequency reect the charge-transfer resistance (R ct ) occurring on the electrode/electrolyte interface, while the inclined lines in the low frequency zone are ascribed to Warburg impedance, which is associated with solid-state Na-ion diffusion in the electrode bulk. 44 The R ct value of MoSe 2 /MoO 2 /NC, MoSe 2 /NC, and MoO 2 /NC is 67, 154, and 627 U, respectively.
Sodium-ion batteries have garnered signicant attention due to the widespread availability of sodium resources and their reliable safety, positioning them as crucial supplementary technology in renewable energy storage and as key complements to lithium-ion batteries. Layered transition metal oxides are considered promising cathode materials for sodium-ion batteries due to the high energy density and simplied synthesis methods.
• A pancake-like morphology solid-like eletrolyte of sodium battery with high ionic conductivity (6.60 × 10 -4 S cm -1 ) was obtained by simple hydrothermal method. • Solid-like electrolyte with pancake-like morphology showed good interface contact and excellent compatibility (stable cycle over 500 h at 0.6 mA cm -2 ) with sodium metal. • Provides possible repulsive force explanation for the restriction of ion transport by MOF.
In hard carbon, there are a lot of voids between the short-range turbo layers, which can provide many cavities for storing sodium ions, leading to a higher capacity compared to graphite. 34 Several biomass, such as lignin 35 sucrose, 36 peat moss, 37 banana peels, 38 cellulose nanofiber, 39 silk 40,41 and melo peels 42 have been used as carbon precursors, and their derived carbons have exhibited great performance as SIB anodes.
The intensive research activities on SIBs and P2-type layered oxides are reflected by the fast-growing publications found on the Web of Science with the topics of "sodium ion batteries" and (A) Schematic illustration of a typical SIB using a layered oxide cathode and a hard carbon anode; (B) Abundances of the key metals involved in LIBs and/or SIBs in earth's crust and their world reserves as of 2023 (Mt = million metric tons).
Li À3.04 V), and lower binding energy compared to the lithium ion require new considerations in the design of SIB electrode materials. 1 Organic materials are a maturing class of electrode materials that show comparable performance to conventional inorganic electrode materials that rely on rare and toxic transition metals, 2 while achieving the green and affordable goals required to feasibly match global energy storage demands.
Unfortunately, due to the beamtime time restrictions, these samples were not measured at temperatures above 400 K. 3.3 Key parameters of sodium dynamics: diffusion coefficient, jump length, residence time, and activation energy Key diffusion parameters, such as residence times and jump lengths, are extracted here from the analyzed and modeled QENS data to provide a quantitative understanding of the sodium ion transport process.
Building on the previous work, a N/O/S-tri-doped hard carbon nanosphere born from polybenzoxazine showed excellent rate performance (capacity retention of 39.8% at 2000 mA g À1 ) and surprising ultra-long cycling life (218.9 mA h g À1 after 7300 cycles at 2000 mA g À1 ). 107 Based on the results of DFT calculations, N/O/Stri-doping can not only promote the ability of K + adsorption, but also improve the electronic conductivity.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which benefit from the high natural abundance of sodium and low cost, have emerged as a potentially more sustainable technology to complement lithium-ion counterparts 1,2 ; they are expected to have applications in cost-effective, large-scale, long-life, and high-security systems, such as electric vehicles of moderate range (≤ 300 km) or hybrid vehicles, and in stationary energy storage fields 2,3 .
A stable SEI layer, formed with the ether electrolyte, facilitated sodium ion migration, leading to improved cycling stability of the VM-43 sample, demonstrated the highest specic capacity of 455.6 mA h g -1 and maintained over 100% coulombic efficiency aer 260 cycles and high capacity retention even at 20 A g -1 (Fig. 12c-e), conrming its superior electrochemical performance compared to other MoS 2 -based anodes (Fig. 12f).
Many studies have confirmed that a high surface area of hard carbon may lead to the reduced first-cycle coulombic efficiency (CE) and specific capacity caused by undesirable SEI formation. [15a, 23, 26] To investigate the connection between microstructure and electrochemical property, cycle performances at 20 mA g -1 and corresponding discharge and charge curves of each sample are shown in Figure 3a and Figure 3b, respectively.
Up to now, anode-free sodium ion batteries have been demonstrated with only a limited number of cathode materials: for example, presodiated FeS 2 (Cohn et al., 2017), Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP) (Ma et al., 2021), presodiated Prussian blue (Mazzali et al., 2019), Prussian white (Wang et al., 2021), monoclinic Prussian blue analogues (Rudola et al., 2017a;Rudola et al., 2017b) and presodiated Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 (Lee et al., 2019).
Among various NIB cathodes, layered transition metal oxides attract significant research interests because they have similar properties as layered lithium transition metal oxides such as high theoretical specific capacity and high redox potentials. Additionally, Prussian blue analogues are also promising cathodes for NIBs because of their low cost, high theoretical capacity, facile synthetic methods, and environmental benignity.
S4) showed the LiO -signal after etching of surface film, indicating the marginal lithiation of the positive electrode following the incorporation of LiPF 6 , as evidenced by the TEM analysis. post-mortem XPS analysis revealed the formation of LiF and the intercalated Li in the layered structure at the surface of O3-type positive electrode ; thus, a structural reinforcement from the in situ surface doping was expected (Fig. 2b).
For instance, Fan et al. reported on soft carbon-graphite Na-ion 'dual carbon' cell, where graphite cathode delivered a small capacity of around 40 mA h g À1 , 93 or in another example, the graphitic cathode presented a capacity of B60 mA h g À1 in a full cell with the hard carbon anode. 94 In the case of the rGO cathode, the anions are stored on the surface of graphene sheets, which provides higher capacity and better kinetics.
SEI forms during the 1 st charging cycle when sodium ions intercalate into the hard carbon and the nonaqueous electrolyte partly decomposes. 20 Many of the intercalated sodium ions react with the decomposition products of the electrolyte and are therefore irreversibly lost to the formation of SEI layer. 18,21 Therefore, the lower surface area of carbon is preferable since it also means less surface area for the formation of SEI.
Hu-Rong Yao,t't Peng-Fei Wang,tit Yue Gong, § Jienan Zhang, § Xiqian Yu, § Lin Gu, §'* Chuying OuYang,x Ya-Xia Yin,t,t Enyuan Hu,# Xiao-Qing Yang,# Eli Stavitski,# Yu-Guo Guo ABSTRACT: As promising high-capacity cathode materials for Na-ion batteries, 03-type Na-based metal oxides always suffer from their poor air stability originating from the spon taneous extraction of Na and oxidation of transition metals when exposed to air.
It makes the resinous precursors (RF and phenolic) an excellent choice for hard carbon anodes in SIBs and PIBs. 44,49,64 The resorcinol formaldehyde (RF) resin as a precursor for MSHCs via a hydrothermal controlled pyrolysis process was reported by Yu Jin et al. 64 The HC delivered a maximum reversible capacity of 310 mA h g À1 with the outstanding capacity retention of B96.7% after 100 cycles at a current density of 20 mA g À1 .
To alleviate these problems, Na-ion batteries (NIBs), as alternatives for LIBs, are now drawing increasing attention from scientists, due to the analogous electrochemical properties of sodium and lithium, but much more natural abundance and lower cost of sodium ($10 3 the reserve and $1/20 the price of lithium). To meet the huge commercial requirements, both LIBs and NIBs need to improve their specic capacities and cycling life.
The ratios of Na-ion capacitive contribution can be further quantitatively quantified by separating the current response i at a fixed potential V into capacitive effects (proportional to the scan rate v) and diffusion-controlled reactions (k 2 v 1/2 ), according to Dunn 15,28 : By determining both k 1 and k 2 constants, we can distinguish the fraction of the current from surface capacitance and Na þ semiinfinite linear diffusion.
Another interesting work using the freeze-drying method and further carbonization at 1000 °C to acquire graphene/hard carbon spheres (GHSs) was proposed by Song et al. 68 The general multi-interface strategy with massive ingenious internal interfaces between the carbon matrix and crystalline graphene in HC spheres can serve as a pathway for gas escape during the pyrolysis of sucrose, thus avoiding the formation of abundant pores.
Among these cathode materials for SIBs, polyanionic compounds have been most favoured due to better safety, longer cycle life, and high operating potential. 21,22 Polyaniontype NVP with a typical 3D NASICON structure has gained attention as a cathode material because of its high energy density (∼400 W h kg -1 ), impressive theoretical capacity (117 mA h g -1 ), good thermal stability, and moderate potential plateau of ∼3.4 V (vs.
Recently, with the advantage of low-cost and widespread availability of sodium resources, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have become an important and competitive option for electrical storage applications. However, in SIBs, since the radius of the Na ion is 43% larger than that of the Li ion, it is more difficult to nd suitable electrode materials to accommodate sodium ions and achieve rapid and reversible ion insertion/extraction.
Interestingly, the detrimental effect of the P2-OP4 transition, namely larger polarization and greater capacity fade, was found to be more prominent in the quenched P2-Na 0.67 MnO 2 sample compared to the analogous slow-cooled material, thereby demonstrating sensitivity of these materials to synthesis conditions. 36 Removal of sodium ions upon charging gives rise to the formation of O-type stacking faults within the P2 structure.
The lithium and sodium layered oxide CAMs are modeled by the precursor synthesis via co-precipitation and calcination. 34 The polyanionic type CAMs (LFP 35 and NVPF 36 ) are modeled via a solid-state synthesis and for Mn-PBA, a solvent based precipitation synthesis is modeled based on primary industrial data. 37 For the synthetic graphite synthesis process, the energy intensive calcination and graphitization steps are considered.
Large-scale energy storage systems are urgently required to meet the needs relating to electric power distribution and renewable energy utilization. Owing to the low cost and the abundant resources, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are promising candidates for large-scale applications. Although the mass production of commercial SIBs has already started, the insuf-cient cycling durability remains a challenge that needs to be overcome.
In this direction, different approaches have been proposed to overcome the volume expansion and improve the electrochemical performance of HCs in KIBs, especially by focussing on the structure engineering of hard carbons, i.e., by playing on the carbon precursor, developing new synthesis processes, controlling the properties (morphology, structure, texture, functionalities) and active material utilization (electrode formulation).
The rst comprehensive LCA of SIB was published in 2016 and still is the current reference. 19 It provided a full SIB model and corresponding inventory data for a layered oxide NaNMMT (Na 1.1 -Ni 0.3 Mn 0.5 Mg 0.05 Ti 0.05 O 2 ) type SIB cell with a hard carbon anode from carbohydrate precursors (sugar) and found SIB to be potentially competitive with LIB in terms of environmental impacts, but only when achieving similar lifetime.
Thus, sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) offer cost-effective and sustainable energy storage compared to their LIB counterparts. 4 In recent years, extensive research efforts have been dedicated to NIB cathodes and anodes with high energy density, high power density, stable cycling performance, and good rate capability. 2,5,6 A particular challenge is the development of anodes that combine high capacity and long lifetime/high durability.
To evaluate the effect of SL content on the behavior of common carbonate-based sodium electrolytes as well as the compatibility of SL-based electrolytes with NaNi 1/3 Mn 1/3 Co 1/3 O 2 (NaNMC) Sodium-ion battery (SIB) has recently emerged as a promising alternative to the prevailing lithium-ion battery (LIB), due to its better sustainability and suitability for large-scale applications, e.g. electric vehicles and grid storages 1 .
Since Sr containing compositions are found to be responsible for the decrease in the value of dielectric constant , therefore we were motivated to study the larger size atom Sr 2+ (1.13) at Li + (0.76) site and doping of larger size atom Zr 4+ (0.72) at Ti 4+ (0.605) site in these compositions to improve the ionic conductivity of NASICON type compositions and make them suitable for the use in Li ion batteries as solid electrolytes.
Additionally, polypyrrole (PPy) hollow nanospheres with high sodium storage capacity were synthesized using poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA) nanospheres as sacrificial templates by Wang's group (Fig. 7i). 78 The HRTEM image of PPy hollow nanospheres confirmed that the PMMA nanosphere templates can be completely removed through simply washing with acetone and the vacant inner space can be seen clearly from the inset image (Fig. 7j).
Recently, our group has reported a Na 3 V 2 O 2X (PO 4 ) 2 F 3À2X -MWCNT composite as a cathode material for rechargeable non-aqueous and aqueous sodium-ion batteries, which was made by a combination of solid state and hydrothermal reactions. 14 In addition to the electrochemical properties of the electro-active material, the binder also plays a signicant role in stabilizing the electrode during continuous electrochemical cycling.
Nitrogen (N) is the most widely used heteroatom in doping of cathode materials to improve the active sites and wettability of the material surface, which thus improves the battery performance. For example, Li et al. improved the conductivity of sodium ions by applying N-doped carbon NVPF composite. 41 The composite material promoted the transmission of sodium ions and demonstrated the reversible capacity of 109.5 mA h g À1 at 0.1C.
Specically, pyridinic and pyrrolic nitrogen help provide active sites for sodium storage, while graphitic nitrogen contributes to improved electronic conductivity. 16,27 Compared with PNHCs, NPNHCs retain a higher overall nitrogen content at the lower carbonization temperatures of 1000 °C and 1200 °C, resulting in more pronounced synergistic regulation by the nitrogen species and further enhancement of electrochemical performance.
It can be seen that with the increase of the proportion of hard carbon, the charge transfer impedances of the batteries gradually decrease, which on the one hand is due to the high kinetics brought by the intrinsic isotropy and the large layer spacing of hard carbon; on the other hand, the charge exchange is accelerated by the larger contact area between the active materials and the electrolyte under the proper compaction density .
Lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) have so far been preferred to their sodium-ion counterparts for their higher energy density and operating voltages, 1 but concerns about Li supply and its rising cost have encouraged the scientific community to turn its attention to the more sustainable sodium-ion batteries (NIBs). The latter have until recently received little attention, leaving room for the exploration of new energy storage materials.
S13 and S14, ESI †) decrease with increasing sputtering time, while the signal associated to the Na x C component increases with increasing the sputtering time, consistent with previous work. 82,88 Hard carbon with a thin and homogenously distributed coating of amorphous silicon nitride (SiN x ) or silicon oxycarbide (SiOC) nanoparticles has been produced, and the composite material has been tested as anode for sodium-ion batteries.
In most of these studies, glass fibers (GF) have been widely used in most SIBs because of their advantages over excellent wettability for ethylene carbonate and propylene carbonate, indicating high porosity (66%), large electrolyte uptake (360%), high ionic conductivity of electrolyte soaked in separator (3.8 mS cm -1 ), sodium ion transfer number (t + Na = 0.79) than polypropylene membrane (Zhu et al., 2016;Arunkumar et al., 2019).
Taking this into consideration, the theoretical capacity is 129 mAh/g as per three sodium reactions via M 2+ /M 3+ redox by three transition metal ions in the formula unit, as shown in the sodium-ion redox process detailed below: Howbeit, reversible sodium ion insertion is also explored in NCPP at lower voltages (0.01-3.0 V), giving a capacity of 250 mAh/g at 0.5 C, showcasing the potential of this category as a negative electrode .
To further verify the benefit of entropy-driven structural stability on the Na + kinetics of the P2-type layered cathodes, Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 -Ni 0.21 Cu 0.05 Mg 0.016 Zn 0.016 Sn 0.016 Y 0.016 O 2 and Na 0.62 Mn 0.67 Ni 0.21 -Cu 0.05 Mg 0.015 Zn 0.015 Sn 0.015 Zr 0.015 O 2 with eight cations and higher entropy were prepared and tested (both materials are tested using a Na metal anode in coin cell configuration, Supplementary Fig. 11).
Studies by Choi et al. 30 and Zhang et al. 28,31,32 demonstrated that high carbonization temperatures could induce the formation of these nanoclusters, contributing to a larger plateau region and supporting the porefilling mechanism. 33 Other researchers, such as Tang et al. 27 and Zheng et al., 34 confirmed that closed micropores are crucial for sodium storage in the plateau region, providing sites for sodium nanocluster formation.
S4,ESI †) shows that the carbon content of NVFP-VO is about 4.87 wt%, slightly lower than the traditional carbon content (410 wt%) in NASICON-type cathode materials. 24 A higher carbon content may reduce electrode compaction density and hinder Na + ion migration across the electrode-electrolyte interface. 7 Furthermore, specific surface area and pore size were measured using the nitrogen isothermal adsorption-desorption method (Fig.
The preparation of nickeliron Prussian blue analogs (Ni-Fe PBAs) has oen shown a signicant amount of vacancies within the crystal structure due to quick precipitation via the conventional synthesis process. 54 In this research, we have established low-defect and sodium-rich nickel hexacyanoferrate nanocrystals synthesized through a simple co-precipitation mechanism with the assistance of a chelating agent called tri-sodium citrate.
Both Na0.55 electrode (5.7 × 7.7 cm, 9.11 mg/cm 2 of active material) and hard carbon electrode (59 × 79 cm, 4.32 mg/cm 2 of active material) were coated on one side, and a double-layer polypropylene (PP, 62 × 81 mm, Hefei Kejing, China) separator was selected between them, with the reference electrode located directly in the middle of the two layers. 1.0 M NaPF 6 in PC:EC (1:1, v:v) containing 5% of FEC were used as the electrolyte.
Both the fundamental understanding and practical demonstrations suggest that Na 0.44 [Mn 1-x Ti x ]O 2 is a promising negative electrode material for aqueous sodium-ion batteries. enewable energies such as solar and wind powers are being developed rapidly these days, critically demanding the development of large-scale energy storage in order to smooth the integration of their energies into the grid and improve the grid's reliability.
Through a combined analysis of gas-accessible porosity, total porosity as detected by small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS), skeletal density, and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) it is shown that the addition of polystyrene alters the structure of HCs by adding extra porosity in a size range suitable to investigate the impact on first-cycle efficiency, the sodium storage capacity as well as the time needed to achieve full sodiation.
Generally, the analysis shows that the spherical hard carbon/graphite porous electrode has more uniform porous structure, shorter transport path, less nano-scale powder and a certain voltage buffer ability compared to the pure graphite powder system, which enhance the ion transport kinetics, and reduce the side reactions under the high temperature, so as to effectively improve the fast charging performance and cycle life of the LIBs.
The use of dual-anion doping, as seen in MoSSe@rGO, further optimized Na + transport kinetics, retaining 87.8% capacity at 0 °C, 229 and NbSSe achieved 136 mAh g -1 at 0.2C under 0 °C with 92.67% capacity retention after 500 cycles. 230 Double transition-metal selenides, such as Ni 1.8 Co 1.2 Se 4 /NDDC 231 and Ni 1.5 CoSe 5 /NC, 232 exhibit excellent low-temperature SIB performance when paired with Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 O 2 F cathodes.
In their study of the P2-type Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 system, Wang et al. were able to identify a correlation between the P2-O2 phase transition, observed when the cell was charged to 4.2 V, and the generation of a high density of intragranular cracks using a combination of complementary techniques including SEM and TEM. 233 This correlation explains the signicant decay in performance aer repeated cycling to high cut-off voltages.
S1a-c † and1b) indicate that the binary, ternary, and quaternary PBAs exhibit favorable crystallinity, consistent with the standard peaks of the Prussian blue analogue (JCPDS card no. 82-1111), 35 and their cell parameters are summarized in Table S1. † The SEM images in Fig. 1c reveal that all the PBAs possess a uniform cubic morphology; however, the particle size decreases as the number of element types in the composition increases.
Ab-initio molecular dynamic (AIMD) simulations with well-controlled compositional variables revealed the following comprehensive compositional optimization strategies for NASICON conductors: the optimal Na content is ~x = 3 but depends on the polyanion chemistry, high ionic conductivity is found in compositions with a large cation size until the size reaches an optimal value, and high silicate content enhances the ionic conductivity.
In recent years, researchers are paying more attention to synthesis of hard carbon via abundant biomass-based materials instead of expensive inorganic materials, such as peat moss, 8 grapefruit peel, 9 nutshell, 10 reed straw, 11 cork, 12 and palm fruit calyx. 13 As the annual production of wood wastes by the forestry industry worldwide is massive, the reuse of the wood wastes may be both environmentally and economically sustainable.
The low CE value is attributed to the irreversible reactions during the first discharge process, including the generation of the SEI films resulting from the decomposition of the electrolyte, the irreversible sodium-ion insertion into smaller pores, and the irreversible conversion from SbPO 4 to metallic Sb. 7 After the initial cycling, the CE value reached 98% at the 3rd cycle and thereafter maintained above 99% after the 5th cycle.
However, the initial cost of these battery systems is expected to increase, owing to their scarcity and the geopolitical risks associated with lithium, thus prohibiting the progress of renewable energy. 2,3 Recently, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted considerable interest because of similarities in components and basic operating principles with lithium-ion batteries, making it easy to adapt existing manufacturing facilities.
However, for NASICON-structured NVP-based cathode materials with the activated V 4+ /V 5+ redox couple, there still exist some challenges that limit their practical application, including low electronic conductivity and unsatisfactory structure reversibility at high voltage. 35,36 In general, NASICON-structured NVP-based materials exhibit acceptable Na + ionic conductivity due to their unique 3D open framework for fast ionic transfer.
A schematic illustration of the P2-type structure using the Vesta program for Na 0.78 Co 1/2 Mn 1/3 Ni 1/6 O 2 is presented in the Fig. 1b, Cobalt, manganese and nickel ions are located in octahedral sites while Na ions are coordinated by oxygen in two trigonal prismatic sites: Na e , where Na is sharing edges with six surrounding (Co, Mn, Ni) O 6 octahedra, and Na f , where Na shares faces with two neighbor (Co, Mn, Ni)O 6 octahedra.
B, 2013B, , Tripathi, 2013;;Fang et al., 2018) The electrochemical behavior of NaCoPO 4 also varied with different electrolytes, as shown in Figure 5, which clearly indicates that broad peaks were obtained with saturated NaOH due to its high viscosity and low conductivity and the peak shift toward the negative potential side, and it is quite the opposite in the case of 2M Na 2 SO 4 electrolyte and 5M NaNO 3 (i.e., positive direction).
A major difference in graphite and HC production is the graphitization step, where needle coke powder is heated above 3000 1C for several weeks, 38 while HC carbonization process typically occurs at temperatures between 1100-1700 1C. 106 This results in significantly higher energy consumptions for the graphite synthesis process, as shown in Fig. 4a, where the anode CED for LFP|Gr exceeds that of SIB cells by more than a factor of two.
The Swedish cell manufacturer Northvolt announced that they developed a SIB cell based on a Na 2Àx Fe[Fe(CN) 6 ] (Fe-PBA) CAM with their research partner Altris, reaching a specific energy above 160 Wh kg À1 at the pouch cell level. 106 While their filed patent only shows a reversible half-cell capacity of 140 mAh g À1 , Altris claims to reach 160 mAh g À1 with their Fe-PBA material. 107 CATL is working on Na 2 Mn[Fe(CN) 6 ] (Mn-PBA).
Similarly, Puravankara et al. synthesized HC microspheres (HCMS) from a sucrose precursor and a 50% DEG/H 2 O solvent mixture using the microwave technique and subsequent high-temperature carbonization process. 103 The insertion/pore-lling mechanism under 0.1 V was validated and the defect/vacancy-assisted adsorption/ insertion and insertion/micropore lling Na-ion storage mechanism in HCs was also asserted by different HCMS samples.
The growing demand for electronic devices, electric vehicles, and large-scale, energy storage systems worldwide has caused major challenges in developing long-term and effective energy storage solutions. 1 In this regard, rechargeable batteries are of utmost signicance, in particular, lithium-ion (LIB) and sodium-ion (SIB) batteries. 2,3 Although LiBs are currently a leader for their high energy density and excellent long cycle life.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) as a new type of secondary chemical power supply, not only are there no raw material resource constraints, and the lowtemperature performance and high security, charge and discharge properties, resources advantage and cost advantage in large-scale electrochemical energy storage, low-speed electric cars, and other areas of the application, is expected to be complementary with a LIB and effective alternative.
We attribute this behavior to the specific micropore structure and heteroatom doping present in NOC-9, which likely facilitates the formation of these sodium nanoclusters, as has been observed in previous studies. 35 To illustrate the universality of the sodium storage behavior of NOCs, two conventional electrolytes were additionally employed as supplementary experiments: 1.0 M NaClO 4 in EC : DEC (1 : 1 v/v) and 10 M NaOTf in DIGYDME.
A far-reaching effect in the electron-withdrawing and electron-donating ability of functional groups was intended for in order to induce local changes in the electron density on the redox-active carbonyl units of the quinone-based molecules. Thus, to cover a sizable chemical space when searching for redox active SIB cathode candidates, we considered nine different R-groups for the functionalization of all of the 170 backbone molecules.
Many decomposed organic products in EC/DEC formed a thick SEI layer compared to diglyme's stable, thin, and uniform SEI. 136 MSHCs using different controlled synthesis methods and precursors have shown high reversible capacity, excellent rate performance, and long stability. 30,31,77 Heteroatom-doped/co-doped MSHCs Heteroatom doping significantly impacts sodium storage properties due to changes in the microstructures of carbon spheres.
• An interlayer confined strategy to realize the substitution of nitrogen terminals between Ti 3 C 2 MXene layers is proposed. • The targeted Ti 3 C 2 -N funct anode exhibits fast-charging ability and great superiority in cycle life at -25 °C. • Ti 3 C 2 -N funct not only possesses a lower Na-ion diffusion energy barrier and charge transfer activation energy, but also exhibits Na + -solvent co-intercalation behavior at low temperature.
In addition to the partially irreversible behavior, a remarkably different feature from the analogous LIB is that, in spite of significant volume shrinkage, negligible structural pulverization/damage was observed after the first Na-ion extraction; whereas in a LIB, mechanical degradation with drastic morphology change (pores, pulverization) of anode materials occurs mainly during the first delithiation process, not the first lithiation.
The excellent electrochemical performances of NVPF@C/CNTs should be owing to: the well-crystallized NVPF can offer a stable crystal structure; the addition of CNTs can effectively restrict the NVPF grains over growth, which is conducive to the migrating of Na-ions during the charge/discharge processes; the uniform nanocarbon layer, embedded and wrapped CNTs together construct a highly conductive 3D network for the electron transmission.
Biomass has the merits of unique framework, low cost, high abundance, fast regeneration, environmentally friendly, and large economic value are more proper for carbon source materials, which has attracted much attention by comparing with synthetic organic matter Most biomass hard carbon inherits abundant porous and layered structures in its natural microstructure, which are favorable for electrolyte penetration and sodium ion diffusion.
Nevertheless, there are few reports focusing on the preparation of binderfree electrodes for ARSIBs, which is attributed to the fact that the most common electrode materials for ARSIBs, such as M x MnO 2 (M = K, Na), Prussian blue and its analogues (PBAs), and NTP, are unsuitable for direct growth on the collectors due to their preparation methods, including high-temperature solid-state, ball-milling, and coprecipitation methods [5,23,.
An interesting three-phase reaction (2Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 + 6Na 4 Li 7 Ti 5 O 12 + Na 6 LiTi 5 O 12 ) has been proposed for sodium storage of the material, instead of the two-phase mechanism (Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 + 3Li 4 Li 7 Ti 5 O 12 ) for lithium storage. Such a mechanism has been supported by DFT calculations and a variety of advanced characterization techniques, such as spherical aberration-corrected scanning transmission electron microscope.
NaMnMn(CN) 6 has been reported to be in the orthorhombic phase, whereas our DFT calculations show the rhombohedral phase to be the most stable. 41 NaCoFe(CN) 6 has been reported to be stable in the cubic phase, and two plateaus have been observed during charge/discharge processes. 6 In the DFT calculations, the cubic phase of NaCoFe(CN) 6 is nearly degenerate in energy with the monoclinic phase and lies only 1.4 meV/atom above the hull.
Recently, we reported the operation of high-voltage aqueous sodium-ion batteries using concentrated electrolytes, 17,18 in which the global pH values of the electrolytes were measured at each important point during cell operation. 17 We revisited this study and monitored the local pH values continuously in the close vicinity of the cathode/anode, in order to draw a clearer picture on the merits and demerits of the transient pH gradient.
Furthermore, most of the intercalation compound cathodes, also considering phosphates and fluorides, suffer from either low sodium storage capacity and rate capability or poor cycle life. 10,11 A promising solution to sustainability and cost concerns as well as performance limitations is the use of carbon as the active material for both electrodes. 12 Carbonaceous materials are inexpensive, environmentally friendly and highly conductive.
Notably, this extensive overview delves into the intricate structure-function-performance relationship of phase interfaces and offers insights into predictive methodologies, synthetic strategies, and comprehensive materials characterization techniques, in order to pave a new avenue for future research, endeavors focused on composite-structured LTMOs, and fostering the development of more robust and efficient sodium-ion battery materials.
Recently, we examined the properties of a carbon-free LTO electrode, as a negative electrode for SIBs, and showed that a 2V-class SIB with the same cell voltage as practical LIBs could be designed using a LTO/NaFeO 2 full-cell configuration. 23 We also investigated the poor rate properties of a LTO electrode with Na insertion and extraction, which were revealed to be caused by less Na + conduction in the LTO crystal than Li + conduction.
The test results are shown in Fig. 1b; all four samples exhibit two broad peaks at around 24°and 43°, corresponding to the crystal plane and crystal plane of the hard carbon material, respectively. 23 The position of the peak can reect the degree of graphitization of hard carbon materials. 24 Furthermore, it can be clearly observed that aer treatment with Zn 2 (OH) 2 CO 3 , the peak of the sample gradually shis towards a higher angle.
By 2030, production capacity is forecast to reach 6.4 terawatt hours, yet demand is expected to be 7.6 terawatt hours. 8 From a mechanistic perspective, SIBs operate via a "rocking-chair" mechanism, where sodium ions shuttle between cathode and anode during charge/discharge cycles, mirroring LIBs. 7 This similarity facilitates manufacturing synergies, enabling producers to repurpose existing LIB production lines with minimal modification.
The decrease in ionic conductivity with increasing Sc 3+ substitution on the Zr 4+ site has been previously conrmed by AC impedance measurements and MD simulations. 54 It has been demonstrated that the crystal structure is more disordered due to the random distribution of Zr/Sc on MO 6 sites and Si/P on TO 4 sites, which impedes sodium-ion diffusivity. On the other hand, NaZr shows much higher conductivity than the NaAlY sample at 297 K.
For the Mn 3/4 Ni 1/4 (OH) 2 precursor, partial oxidation of the Mn 2+ ions with ambient oxygen is reported in literature (Feitknecht et al., 1962;Owen, 1965;Ghosh, 2020), extracting v electrons per formula unit: After wet impregnation with NaOH solution and drying, the interlayer distance is enlarged compared to the pristine Mn 3/4 Ni 1/4 (OH) 2 , which can be rationalized with the incorporation of sodium ions into the layered structure.
Among diverse energy storage technologies, batteries possess a number of desirable features, including flexible power and energy properties, high-energy conversion efficiency and simple maintenance. Sodium ion has similar electrochemistry to lithium ion, and sodium ion batteries (SIBs) are made from earth abundant, widely available sodium containing resource, which are expected to be a low cost alternative to lithium ion batteries (LIBs).
The results showed that the maximum stable voltage window of the electrolyte was elevated from the original 1.5 to 1.6 V due to the fact that water molecules in the original solvation shell of the sodium ions was partially replaced by DMSO, resulting in the less contact of water molecules with the electrode surface during the charging and discharging process after the addition of DMSO, which inhibited the hydrogen precipitation reaction .
However, so far, only a few reports were found highlighting the sodium ionic conductors with the NASICON-type structure containing Al cations. 19,25,26 Therefore, the present research reported here, aims at developing the Al-containing NASICON (Na 3 Al 2 P 3 O 12 ) glass for use as a solid electrolyte material by understanding the glass structure and the modications that occur in the structure with the changes in its chemical composition.
Specifically, CF-1300C and LF-1300C outperformed phenolic resin-derived hard carbon (311 mAh g -1 , 63% ICE) and sorghum stalk waste-derived hard carbon (259 mAh g -1 , 59% ICE) in initial discharge capacity and ICE, as shown in Table 4, while LF-1300C's rate capability (127 mAh g -1 at 2 C) and 48% retention from 0.2 C to 2 C aligned closely with high-performing waste tea-derived hard carbon (282 mAh g -1 , 69% ICE), as shown in Table 4 .
The gravimetric specific energy and specific power of Na x H 2-x Ti 2 O 5 || NaMnO 2 •0.1H 2 O full cell were evaluated by the Eqs. 3 and 4: where the C (mAh g -1 ) is the specific capacity based on the total weight of active materials of positive and negative electrodes, the V cell (V) is obtained as the average discharge voltage, the E (Wh kg -1 ) is the gravimetric specific energy, and the P (W kg -1 ) is the gravimetric specific power.
Therefore, despite limited differences in total surface area, the variation in closed-pore microstructure remains a key factor inuencing sodium storage behavior and warrants further investigation. 32 To further clarify the microstructural features developed during carbonization, SAXS measurements are performed and obtained curves are tted by debye equation to investigate the presence of nanoscale close pore structures within the samples.
Among these different NASICON Zr-based electrolytes, Na 3.4 Zr 2 Si 2.4 P 0.6 O 12 has been reported to be one of the best available sodium ionic conductors, for which a total conductivity of 5 × 10 -3 S cm -1 was achieved at 25 °C. 13 The remarkable conductivity is typically attributed to the high concentration of carrier ions and their high mobility, but it is also presumed to be inuenced by other factors, as discussed in the following.
In order to better understand the phase evolution of the Na-Sn-NaSICON interphase and its influence on interfacial resistance and practical battery performance, a series of NaSICON samples were prepared with Sn coatings systematically varied in thickness from 0 to 700 nm, and characterized by scanning electron microscopy (SEM), contact angle, x-ray diffraction (XRD), electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS), and symmetric cell cycling.
Moreover, the degree to which pore surfaces are accessible to electrolyte or sodium ions is crucial in determining not only the sodium storage capability in the low voltage plateau region, but also the extent of irreversible sodium loss in the first cycle: 'open' pores with high accessible surface area lead to large SEI formation and low FCCE, whereas fully 'closed' pores cannot be reached by sodium ions, greatly reducing overall capacity.
When the experimental activation energy of Na3ErCl6 (0.65 eV) was used for the calculation, 37 the ionic conductivity was estimated to be 3×10 -10 S/cm, which is in good agreement with the experimental ionic conductivity of 10 -9 S/cm. 37 In contrast, the Na-ion MSD was improved in Na3CrCl6, as shown in Figure S7, indicating a higher Na-ion diffusivity of the trigonal P3 ̅ 1c phase compared to the monoclinic P21/n and trigonal R 3 ̅ phases.
Using X-ray diffraction and IR spectroscopy, it was established that, depending on the nature of the alkali cation, Na or K, the obtained compounds crystallize in two modifications: the rhombohedral modification of the NASICON structural type (another name is the NaZr 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NZP) structural type, the mineral kosnarite, space group R3-c) and the cubic modification of the langbeinite mineral structural type (K 2 Mg 2 (SO 4 ) 3 , sp. gr.
It is well-known that a lower surface area increases the first-cycle Coulombic efficiency for carbon anodes in LIBs. However, an effective strategy to minimize the surface area of hard carbon remains a significant challenge. 48 Sucrose is a typical precursor for producing hard carbon due to its abundance, low cost and renewability. 48,49 The conventional synthesis of hard carbon from sucrose consists of two steps: dehydration and pyrolysis.
This will have weight advantages over copper and therefore would impart a higher gravimetric energy density when used in full cells. 1M NaPF 6 in diglycol methyl ether (diglyme) electrolyte is the de facto electrolyte in most studies due to its stability to sodium metal (Westman et al., 2018) and high coulombic efficiency when used in Na||Na cells compared to carbonate-based electrolytes and glymes containing other salts (Seh et al., 2015).
Realising the importance of Co-and Ni-free materials for sodium-ion batteries, Yang et al. synthesised the biphasic P2 (34%)/O3 (60%) Na 0.8 Li 0.2 Fe 0.2 Mn 0.6 O 2 material, containing a minor phase with C2/m symmetry. 156 To investigate behaviour at high voltage, the material was cycled over a wide window of 2.0-4.6 V, which delivered an initial reversible capacity of 174 mA h g À1 and a capacity retention of 82% over 100 cycles at C/10.
More importantly, the voltage jumps during the open circuit voltage (OCV) steps are prominent during charging compared to the discharging process, which is also reected by the steep increase of internal resistance values and can be ascribed to slower solid-state Li and Na ion diffusion. 61,62 Such a difference could arise from various thermodynamic and kinetic factors involving structural and electrochemical properties of the NASICON host.
As one example of early transition metal substitution, Ti in layered Li 1 (NixMnxCo 1 -2x-yTiy)O2 cathode for lithium ion batteries resulted in beneficial effects on reducing the structural distortions during delithiation and suppressing the formation of a secondary rock salt phase at high voltage charge.12 Here, we report a new quaternary O3-type layer-structured material of Na(NiCoFeTi)1/4O2 (denoted hereafter as NCFT) for the first time.
To form an atomic scale insight into sodium storage in hard carbon motifs, six different carbon models were prepared: pristine graphitic bilayer (simulating the intercalation of sodium in graphitic stacks), graphitic bilayer with an oxygen defect, pristine graphene surface (adsorption of sodium on the hard carbon basal plane), and three oxygen-containing graphene surfaces (adsorption of sodium on defect sites on the hard carbon basal plane).
Combining experimental and theoretical results, we propose a model for sodium storage in our hard carbons that consists of Na-ion storage at defect sites and by intercalation in the high voltage slope region and via pore-filling in the low voltage plateau The growth in population and improved standard of living have resulted in an increased global energy consumption and is projected to account for an increase in energy demand of 90% by 2035.
However, their intellectual property (IP) portfolio and the high specific energy (175 Wh kg À1 ) of their recently announced SIB ''Naxtra'' 81 also suggest the use and development of layered oxides, especially O3-NFM-related CAMs. The practical capacities reached in Ronbays and CATL's patents are generally in the range of 140-170 mAh g À1 , depending on the exact chemistry and cutoff voltage, which is consistent with academic data (Table 1).
Although, Sodium-Ion Batteries (NIBs) make use of same electrode materials as LIBs, the intercalation chemistry in NIBs is quite different from LIBs, owing to the relatively larger size of Na+ ion in contrast to Li+.The difficulties associated with Na+ intercalations has limited their widespread applications, however a serious hunt in on to unearth novel electrode materials that offer superior energy and power densities for NIB applications.
In contrast, NOC-9 displays the characteristic Na + storage behavior of N-doped HC, with a larger slope region, reflecting its distinct capacitive contribution. 41,66 As the supplement sample, activated carbon (AC) with a large surface area application on the supercapacitor exhibits similar curves to NOC-9 in the sodiation process, and no plateau is observed during the charging process, presenting the capacitance behavior for sodium storage.
Regarding the influence of the sintering atmosphere, it has been reported that exposure to air attracts Li to the surfaces of NASICON solid electrolyte particles, resulting in a decrease in the Li concentration inside the particles. 12 Although atmospherically sintered LAGP introduces vacancies and improves ionic conductivity, the formation of vacancies may reduce the electrochemical stability of the LAGP crystal structure at high potentials.
Recent studies have reported the absence of classical sodium intercalation in hard carbon anodes during both the sloping and plateau regions, as evidenced by the lack of significant changes in structural measurements. 9,20,55 Consistent with these findings, our results further support a sodium storage mechanism dominated by surface adsorption, monolayer accumulation, and pore filling, without notable interlayer expansion of graphitic domains.
In contrast, the short diffusion path of the small ZTC particles can take full advantage of the supercage, and more sodium ions can be filled into the supercage and stored in a desolvated form, but at the same time, the high external surface area is also responsible for the formation of more SEI layers and this hinders the sodium ions from being extracted from the supercage at high current densities. y, ZTC w h c y l f 1 μ , 70 , 10 w y h z .
At sodium stoichiometries of x = 2/3 and 1/3, the observed superstructure reexions match the simulated pattern based on the Table 1 Refined lattice parameters and Wyckoff sites as obtained from a joint refinement of neutron and X-ray diffraction data using FullProf Software and P3-type stacking fault probability as well as C 1 C 1 -type stacking fault probability as obtained from FAULTS refinement for the sample P2-Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 .
The result agrees with the large shrinkage of c-axis from 16.754 to 14.683 ¡ which is close to the conventional O3-type Li cathodes such as LiNi 1/2 Mn 1/2 O 2 . 29 Considering that initial charge capacity corresponds to about 0.38 mol of Li or Na extraction, our approximate estimation of the composition after Li soaking is (Na 0.05+¤ Li 0.30 )MnO 2 (Due to the limited quantitative accuracy of the SEM/EDX measurement, an estimated value of ¤).
During the 1st cathodic process, three cathodic peaks located at 0.2, 0.3, and 0.6 V were observed; these peaks corresponded to the insertion of sodium ions into Zn 0.76 Co 0.24 S@N/S-rGO lattice to form Na x Zn 0.76 Co 0.24 S@N/S-rGO, conversion reactions of Zn 0.76 Co 0.24 S@N/S-rGO into Zn and Co metallic nanoparticles embedded into amorphous Na 2 S matrix, and together with the generation of SEI film because of the irreversible reactions .
In addition, the apparent diffusion coefficient of sodium ions can be determined through the Randles-Sevcik equation , as below : where i p is the peak current (in mA), n is the number of electrons transferred in the redox reaction (n = 2), A is the area of the electrode (1.33 cm 2 ), C is the bulk concentration of the electrode (in mol cm -3 ), D is the diffusion coefficient of the Na ions (in cm 2 s -1 ) and ν is the scan rate (in mV s -1 ).
The reported Na0.72Li0.24Mn0.76O2 achieves a relatively high capacity (270 mAh g -1 ) in a wide voltage of 1.5-4.5 V, but it suffers from large lattice volume change (4.69%) and fast capacity decay. 19 Comparatively, the Li dual-site substituted NMLMO not only delivers a high capacity of 266 mAh g -1 based on both cationic (Mn) and anionic (O) redox, but also features the quasi-zerostrain characteristic with only 1.2% lattice volume variation.
As is well known, the building of heteroatom doping can bring in the expanded crystal cell and especially the enlarged interlamellar spacing or octahedral/tetrahedral centers, and modulate the intrinsic physiochemical property of crystal, which enable the sodium ions transport easily and efficiently without devastating structural collapse, consequently resulting in the diminished voltage hysteresis and superior cycling during charge/discharge.
Insertion between the layers followed by filling up of the layers in situ Raman scattering 292 , DFT band structure calculations 292 , in situ ECD 274 Plateau adsorption on pore walls, followed by metal pooling While the determination of the Na storage mechanism is of paramount importance, an in-depth understanding of another process, briefly introduced at the beginning of this section, is also indispensable in the formulation of hard carbons.
Thus we start our survey on cathode materials made of earthabundant elements with three classes of NIB cathode materials that based on the reported crystal structures should exhibit strictly onedimensional pathways: alluaudite-type ''Na 2 Fe 2 (SO 4 ) 3 '', 22,25 olivinetype NaFePO 4 38 and the Na 0.44 MnO 2 structure type 43,44,56,57 in order to understand why their reported rate performances differ substantially, as shown in Fig. 2 (and Fig.
ARR activity has also been observed in various layered positive electrode materials for sodium-ion batteries, including Na-rich materials, 88,89 as well as P2-type and O3-type materials. 90,91 A recent review article regarding the mechanism of anionic redox specically in sodium layered oxides together with a table summarising the pertinent sodium-based materials that have been reported to display anionic redox activity can be found in ref. 92.
This architectural conguration ensures not only high structural and thermal stabilities but also the presence of 3D ion channels, thus lowering the activation barriers for Na + transport. 20,21 However, the synthesis of NFPP is prone to the formation of impurities such as maricite NaFePO 4 and Na 2 -FeP 2 O 7 , which can arise from the synthesis temperature and adopted reactants, potentially restricting the electrochemical performance of NFPP.
The enhanced performance can be attributed to the disordered distribution of multi-component transition metals in HEO suppress the ordering of electric charge and sodium vacancy, thereby inhibiting the Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have received extensive attention in scientific research and industrial fields because of the abundant reserves of sodium in the earth's crust and its low cost, which can meet the demand of large-scale energy storage .
This indicates that sodium plating occurs primarily at the outer surface of the electrode, as anticipated before. 13 Importantly, while sodium clusters form within confined micropores, surface-plated sodium does not readily convert into stable clusters, as the formation of clusters requires confinement within nanoscale voids. 9 Typical hard carbons, characterized by their disordered structure, exhibit regions with altered electronic properties.
Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) have diverted the attention of many researchers from other types of materials (metal oxides, metal phosphides, metal sulfides, etc.), due to their facile synthesis method, low-cost raw precursors, and rich redox couples, which contribute to their excellent electrochemical performance. Also, PBAs are regarded as the most promising cathode materials for SIBs, which have been studied in depth by numerous researchers.
A hybrid P2 + Tunnel phase, Na x Co 0.1 Mn 0.9 O 2 (0.44 ≤ x ≤ 0.7), is distinguished by a multitude of interfacial features that facilitate high-performance sodium storage. 85 HRTEM images clearly demonstrate the coexistence of the P2 and T phases with the presence of lattice fringes with the interspacing of 2.84 Å and 5.49 Å, respectively, which correspond to the planes of the P2 structure and the planes of the tunnel structure, respectively.
The design is beneficial to improve the electrochemical kinetics, buffer the volume variation of electrodes during cycling, and provide more interfacial active e- In recent years, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have undergone rapid development due to ultra-low-cost and abundant sodium sources, similar physicochemical properties as lithium metal, and low reduction potential, which could provide a competitive alternative to lithium storage systems .
MoN 2 , VN 2 and Zr 2 N) have both high capacity and excellent electronic conductivity, suggesting that they can serve as potential cathode SIBs materials. In particular, layered CrN 2 has been proven to be a promising candidate for sodium-ion batteries for its high theoretical capacity and high voltage platform. 24 However, due to the strong interlayer coupling, the diffusion barrier of layered CrN 2 is still too high for practical application.
Surface study for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 One of the main reasons for the capacity fade often observed for oxygen redox active materials is detrimental reactions with the electrolyte in the high voltage region. 15,39 In order to address this matter, XPS measurements were performed for the extracted samples at different states of charge for Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and the collected XPS spectra for Mn 2p, O 1s and C 1s regions are shown in Figure 8.
Previously, in situ 23 Na nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy has been able to quantify the deposition of microstructural Na on metallic anodes 10 and infer the chemical environment-and thus storage mechanisms-in non-graphitic hard carbon anodes 13 . 23 Na NMR shows a large chemical shift difference for the metallic, compared to solvated (diamagnetic), sodium in the electrolyte, which arises from the Knight shift of the NMR signal 10 .
Without orbital overlap, it is ionic. in 4.2, chemical bonding analysis related to cesium and sodi um ions in Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 is illustrated. in this study, Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 Purssian blue analogue, is considered as candidate material . note that the cesiumadsorption mechanism is completely different. (see Figure 4) it is because counter cation such as sodium ion at the cubic centre has an important role in the cesium-adsorption.
Similarly, Zheng's group also demonstrated that the reversible activation of V 4+ /V 5+ can be realized by introducing Ga 3+ in NVP. 55 The reason for the different potentials of the V 4+ /V 5+ redox couple in Na 3 VM(PO 4 ) 3 (M = Ga or Al) and Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 was investigated by Jin's group. 31 They reveal that the potentials of the V 4+ /V 5+ redox couple were closely related to the crystallographic sites of sodium ion extraction/insertion.
Electrochemical formation of the O2 monophase in sodium layered oxide materials was rst identied in the P2-Na 2/3 Ni 1/ 3 Mn 2/3 O 2 system above 4.35 V, as illustrated in Fig. 2. 24 The phase transformation takes place via gliding of the MO 2 layers upon extraction of sodium from the P2 phase and has been reported to induce the formation of stacking faults. 25 The greater stability of the O2-type structure at high voltages/ low Na content (cf.
It can be seen from Figure 5e that the peak current (Ip) was directly proportional to the square root (v 1/2 ) of the scanning rate, indicating that the sodiation/desodiation reactions was controlled by the ion diffusion mechanism. The DNa+ calculated by the formula was 3.67×10 -10 ~2.18×10 -9 cm 2 s -1 , being consistent with the results obtained by GITT, which substantiates good reversibility and fast Na + diffusion kinetics in N0.92K0.08VPF/C.
The unique urchin-like morphology and porous structure induced efficient interaction between electrolyte and electrode; the heteroatom doping-endowed rich defects and improved electronic/ionic conductivity result in excellent sodium storage performance of the designed carbonaceous skeleton, with high reversible capacity (483.5 mAh g -1 at 0.1 A g -1 up to 100 cycles) and excellent rate capability (231.6 mAh g -1 at 1.0 A g -1 up to 1,000 cycles).
Co). 39,40 However, in the near-future, especially the CF of batteries is expected to increasingly influence cell costs and market access due to rising carbon prices 41 and the implementation of stricter regulations. 42,43 Consequently, this work aims to close these research gaps by benchmarking commercially promising SIB chemistries, in terms of specific energy, energy density and CF in largeformat cells and a GWh year À1 production environment.
Results and Discussions: Cubic phase Na1.17Fe[Fe(CN)6]•0.35H2O The as-received Prussian blue analog (PBA) material Na1.88Fe[Fe(CN)6]•0.7H2O, hereafter referred to as pristine PBA, has a cuboidal morphology with clusters of intergrown cubes. 2,7,8 As shown in the scanning electron microscopy (SEM) images in Figure 1A, the cubic structures have dimensions in the tens of µm range and exhibits a uniform elemental distribution (Supplementary Figure 1).
Cyclic voltammetry (CV) at 0.1 mV s -1 revealed peaks that aligned well with the galvanostatic charge-discharge proles, suggesting the absence of complex phase transitions and highlighting stable electrochemical characteristics (Fig. 3e). 48,49 The study of Na + transport kinetics using CV scans at different rates highlighted a primarily capacitive sodium storage mechanism, as indicated by a calculated b-value of 0.85 (Fig. 3f; S6a and b, ESI †).
According to the CV curves of the Nb 2 CT x @MoS 2 @C hybrid electrode (Fig. 6m), the electrochemical reaction mechanisms with the sodium storage process can be explained as follows: These factors facilitate the high-rate performance of Nb 2 -CT x @MoS 2 @C hybrid structures, resulting in retained specic capacities of 572, 561, 544, 506, 480, and 454 mA h g -1 at the current densities of 0.1, 0.2, 0.5, 1, 2, and 5 A g -1 , respectively (Fig. 6n).
Department of Energy or the United States Government. • Large scale batteries must be safe and affordable • Materials should be cost-effective, secure, and sustainable • Solid electrolyte with high ionic conductivity • Only Na + moves through: transference 𝑡 + ≅ 1 • Prevents crossover reactions between cell halves • Optimize contact between Na and NaSICON using Sn coating Commercial molten sodium batteries are HOT: 300 °C (Na-S) or 270 °C (ZEBRA).
Previous experimental and theoretical investigations have suggested that -relative to Na + -Ca 2+ ions have a stronger preference for 6b sites in the NaSICON framework, but neither report prepared nor considered the structure of a calciated framework that was completely desodiated. 21,22 In our work, two materials were synthesized that contained no significant trace of residual Na after calciation, as detected by EDS elemental analysis (Figure 2).
Silicon nitride and silicon carbide have high oxidation resistance and their oxidation to silicon oxide requires higher temperatures. 42,43 However, non-stoichiometric compositions of the nitride or oxycarbide phases could partially oxidise at lower temperatures, thus producing some uncertainty in the evaluation of the content of SiN The Raman spectra of the hard carbon composites with highest loading of silicon nitride or silicon oxycarbide (Fig.
Sodium ion batteries • Iron-based polyanion materials • Spinodal decomposition • 3D interconnected porous structure * Ruiyuan Tian, Concerns regarding the limited resource availability of lithium and high cost of lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) have become increasingly pressing, since the rapid expansion of the electric vehicle (EV) markets and growing needs for large-scale energy storage systems (LSESSs) in photovoltaic and wind energy applications .
Kang and coworkers showed that copper doping of a P2-type material (Na 0.67 Cu x Mn 1Àx O 2 ), using a sol-gel method, can increase the average charge potential of the material and improve the cycling stability. 35 The Na 0.67 Cu 0.25 Mn 0.75 O 2 sample retained more than 70% of the initial capacity aer 500 cycles at 1000 mA g À1 and delivered an energy density of 260 W h kg À1 at a power density of 3000 W Kg À1 (calculated based on cathode mass).
Further optimization using similar strategies as used for tin might lead to an even better performance. For example, He et al. reported antimony synthesized with a size of $20 nm that possessed both a long cycling performance (larger than 600 mA h g À1 aer 100 cycles) and high rate capability ($500 mA h g À1 at a current density of 13.2 A g À1 ), as shown in Fig. 20d. 194 The SnSb intermetallic is also an attractive alternative for sodium storage.
In addition, phosphate-based sodium compounds have the advantage of lacking signicant sensitivity to ambient atmosphere, i.e., H 2 O and CO 2 , which enabled them as a more promising candidate for commercialization when comparing to sodium layered metal oxides. 20,21 Herein, we reported the electrochemical performance of a new phosphate-based compound Na 3 Co 0.5 Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 as the bi-functional electrode material for room-temperature NIBs.
It may be noted in passing that the pathway for the sodiated phase involves a plateau-like energy region between M1 and the saddle point, which is reminiscent of the 'third sodium site' M3 in previous NASICON structure refinements where the Na density distribution on the essentially fully occupied M1 site is described by Na + partially occupying both M1 and nearby Fig. 11 Reaction pathway in the structure incorporating a Mn/Na1 antisite defect pair.
The first hypothesis for the mechanism of sodium storage in HCs was presented in 2000 by Stevens and Dahn. By studying HCs prepared by pyrolysis of glucose at 1000 °C and 1150 °C, they concluded that the storage mechanisms of lithium and sodium ions are the same: the sloping part is associated with the intercalation of sodium ions between graphene layers in the turbostratic domains, and the plateau region is associated with the filling of nanopores.
Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 (NASICON) was synthesized from Na 2 CO 3 (Nacalai Tesque), SiO 2 (Nacalai Tesque), ZrO 2 (Kojundo Chemical, 98 %), and NH 4 H 2 PO 4 (Nacalai Tesque) using the solid-phase method, as previously reported. 19 The resulting NASICON powder was pressed in a Newton press (NT-100H, NPa Systems, Inc.) at 45 MPa for 5 min and then in a cold hydrostatic isostatic press (CPA-50-300, NPa Systems, Inc.) at 300 MPa to produce NASICON pellets.
A range of cathode materials have been exploited, such as layered transition metal oxides, olivine type, NASICONs, organic cathodes and other polyanionic compounds. 2 Na x TMO 2 (TM: transition metal) is the general formula of transition metal oxides (TMOs). 3 TMOs are usually P2 (0.6 < x < 0.7, where x denotes the sodium stoichiometry) with trigonal prismatic sodium coordination or O3 type (where x ≈ 1) with elongated octahedral sodium coordination.
Generally hard carbon as one kind of disordered carbon has a widely dispersed particle size and a different morphology, which depend on appropriate carbon source and precursor morphology. Shu et al. 30 obtained nano-sized hard carbon spherules by well dispersed nano-sized precursor particles during hydrothermal reaction, which showed high capacity retention ratio (92.7%) and a high reversible charge capacity (525 mA h g À1 ) in lithium ion batteries.
The interplay between the processes P 1 and P 2 can be illustrated as follows: If P 1 is due to the diffusion of Na-ions into the formed SEI and through it, it will stay relevant throughout the whole battery cycling process, where conductivity of this layer will of course improve with both increasing Na + content and increasing driving potentials (for jump charge transport), thus explaining the slight shift and lowering relaxation strength with time.
They then confirmed their first proposed mechanism using in situ Wide-Angle X-Ray Scattering (WAXS) and in situ Small Angle X-Ray Scattering (SAXS). However, in 2015, Bommier et al. presented an alternative mechanism for which the sloping part is associated with the adsorption of sodium ions onto structural defects in the carbon, and the plateau region is associated with the intercalation of sodium between graphene layers in the turbostratic domains.
According to the work of Sander et al., conducting a multiscale analysis of a very similar 18650 SIB-cell from the same supplier, it can be assumed that the electrolyte is a mixture of organic carbonates. 28 The active material's basis is reminiscent of common LIBs (carbonaceous anode, layered metal oxide cathode and organic carbonate electrolyte), therefore no specically adjusted risk assessment was needed for the abuse tests of this SIB cell type.
Although oxide solid electrolytes such as β-alumina and NAtrium (or sodium) SuperIonic CONductors (NASICON) are well known, they exhibit reasonable ionic conductivities only at higher temperatures Chalcogenide-based (S, Se) chemistries offer the potential for higher ionic conductivities than oxides In recent years, several sodium superionic conductors with ionic conductivities approaching that of traditional organic electrolytes have been identified.
According to previous studies, the heteroatom content in both NOC-9 and NOC-10 is expected to contribute to a considerable pseudocapacitive capacity, enhancing Na + /Li + ion adsorption at defect sites, promoting additional active sites for ion storage, and thus presenting the significant slope plateau at >0.1 V. 68 Based on these results, we discuss below the notable differences in electrochemical behavior for sodium storage exhibited by the NOC-10.
Pore size analysis of the samples, conducted using the Barrett-Joyner-Halenda (BJH) method as shown in Table S1, indicates that the average pore size of the phosphated hard carbon is approximately 1.5 nm, which is smaller than that of the original hard carbon (3.7 nm). 21,22 The reduction in specic surface area and average pore size indicates that red phosphorus was successfully deposited on the surface of hard carbon, partially occluding its pores.
For instance, hard carbon (HC) anodes usually have a low ICE of only 60-80%, which leads to nearly one-third of capacity loss during the initial charge process. 16 Numerous research efforts have been committed to resolving this issue by offering an additional Na source to counteract the initial capacity loss (ICL) of anodes, known as presodiation. 17,18 In the early stage, presodiation has been carried out by the operation of highly active Na mental.
The alleviated failure from the addition of LiPF 6 salt can suppress additional sodium/electron consumption after formation, implying that a substinatial cycle performance improvement is possible with hard carbon/O3-type layered oxide-based SIB. 2.1 Electrolyte Formulation 0.5 wt% FEC (Soulbrain), 0.2 M LiPF 6 (Chunbo), and 0.2 M lithium difluoro(oxalato)borate (LiODFB) were added to 1.0 M NaPF 6 EC/DMC (1:1 = v/v, Dongwha Electrolyte), respectively.
Considering the wide availability of sodium sources and the signicant economic consequences of SIBs, materials such as VC and Nb-C have the potential to contribute signicantly to the widespread use of large-scale SIB applications. 36 Fig. 1 highlights the theme of the present review in the periodic table with early transition metals, surface terminals, and X-atoms found in various MXenes utilized for SIBs, with each group marked in distinct colors.
Herein, Mn 2 o 3 powders are synthesised through the thermal conversion of Mnco 3 and reported for the first time as an anode for na-ion batteries. the phase, morphology and charge/discharge characteristics of Mn 2 o 3 obtained are evaluated systematically. the cubic-like Mn 2 o 3 with particle sizes approximately 1.0-1.5 µm coupled with the formation of Mn 2 o 3 sub-units on its surface create a positive effect on the insertion/deinsertion of na-ion.
Despite instead of targeted stoichiometric P3-Na 1 MO 2 compounds Na-rich P3-Na 0.8 MO 2 are obtained, we decided to investigate the electrochemical behavior of selected compounds and compare it with the one of corresponding reference samples P2-Na ] one while above 4.0V the reversible capacity can be attributed to anionic redox activation . of Na from O3-type compounds leads to a biphasic process associated to the conversion from O3-type to P3-type .
It has been previously shown that the experimentally measured redox potentials of the LIB quinone cathode materials are most efficiently estimated by using the DFTcalculated gas phase LUMO energy of the reactant quinone molecules. 31 Due to the analogy between lithiation and sodiation reactions of quinones, we also used here the LUMO energy of the pristine quinone molecules as a descriptor when predicting the redox potentials of SIB cathode materials.
When coupling the graphite anodes with Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 cathodes and an optimal electrolyte, we attain Na-ion full cells presenting one of the highest power densities with the output voltages of 3.1 V and impressive capacity retention at a wide range of temperature (from 0 to 60 °C), which are among the best thus far reported for Na-ion full batteries, promoting the practical application of secondary Na-ion batteries with feasible graphite anodes.
• A novel high-entropy metal-organic frameworks (HE-MOFs) electrode for fast sodium-ion storage devices has been realized by introducing five metallic elements. • The platform capacity/voltage of the electrode materials are precisely regulated by the adjustable metal species/content of HE-MOFs. • The sodium-ion capacitors assembled based on high-entropy MOFs electrode exhibit high-power density (20,000 W kg -1 ) and highenergy density (99.4 Wh kg -1 ).
The superior electrochemical properties of the nanoscaled silver molybdate are ascribed to the lower charge transfer resistance due to the microstructure of the smallest size Ag 6 Mo 10 O 33 nanosheets that exhibit a thickness of around 5 nm, which can provide a great contact with the electrolyte, facilitating the rapid diffusion of sodium ions at the electrode/electrolyte interface and the rapid transport of sodium ions within the electrode materials.
In particular, Na-ion batteries (SIBs) are actively studied owing to the global uniform distribution and high abundance of sodium resources, and an energy storage mechanism similar to that of LIBs has helped in a rapid progress in the eld of SIBs. Exploration and development of suitable positive and negative electrode materials for the reversible Na storage with high energy density and at low-cost are vital for the extensive commercialization of SIBs.
For instance, graphite, the commercialized anode material for LIBs, shows only negligible Na-ion capacity, 6,7 causing a recent surge of research on Na-ion anode materials. Certain metals and metalloids that alloy with Na and Li are especially promising, such as Sb and Sn which both show 2-3 times higher gravimetric and volumetric energy densities than that of graphite (e.g., 992 mA h g À1 or $7300 mA h cm À3 for the reversible formation of Li 4.4 Sn).
Similar effects were observed in our previous study of hard carbon electrodes modified with vanadium nitride coating. 69 Regarding the performance of the silicon oxycarbide composite electrodes, Fig. 5b shows that after 50 cycles the reversible capacity is around 260 mA h g À1 , and the capacity retention is 88.1% (Fig. 5b), while the hard carbon obtained in an argon atmosphere, HC-Ar, showed a capacity of 245 mA h g À1 and capacity retention of 86.5%.
The Na + transference number (t Na + ) was measured using a combination of chronoamperometry and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) of the sodium metal/separatorelectrolyte/sodium metal cell using the following equation: Here, V is the potential difference set as 10 mV; I 0 is the initial current obtained; I s is the steady-state current; and R 0 and R s are the initial and steady-state interfacial resistance after polarization, respectively.
For example, while Mnbased PBAs are promising due to their higher operating potentials, the Jahn-Teller distortion upon oxidation to Mn 3+ results in significantly increased lattice strain. 19 Recent studies have shown that reducing structural defects, such as [Fe(CN) 6 ] 4-vacancies and coordinated water, 20 as well as Ni 2+ incorporation into the PBA framework are effective methods for alleviating strain generated during sodium insertion and removal.
The latter can be due to the poor rate capability performance of the hard carbon, the heat generation as it passes through resistive elements induced by the SEI and the hard carbon itself, the instability of the SEI (leading to its ongoing formation), the poor mechanical adhesion of the electrode (due to the nature of the hard carbon), and finally a poor long-term cyclability due to plating and the collapsing of the hard carbon structure and its pores.
Zhou (H Zhou et al., 2020) 는 장점을 가지고 있다 . 또한 결정구조 내에서 높은 전기음성도를 갖는 X와 TM이 O를 공유하고 있으며, 이 로 인해 전이금속과 산소의 결합이 약화되며, 결합 오비 탈과 반결합 오비탈의 차이를 줄이게 된다 [9, . 결과 적으로 충/방전간 전이금속의 산화/환원 준위의 증가 및 타 소재 대비 높은 작동 전압을 보이게 되는데, 이러한 현상을 유도 현상(inductive effect)이라 한다 . 연 NASICON(Natrium super ion conductor), olivine, pyrophosphate, mixed phosphate, fluorophosphate, fluorosulfate, bisulfate 등으로 분류된다(Fig. 3). . 또한 NaFePO 4 는 저온에서 준 안정한 사방정계 구조를 이루고 있지만(t-NaFePO 4 ), 합하지 않다 .
However, while higher pyrolysis temperatures increase pore capacity, diffusion pathways within graphite interlayers and across defects are reduced, rendering some pores inaccessible and limiting sodium storage in the sloping region; optimising the performance of hard carbons is therefore a balance between maintaining an expanded interlayer distance, the number of defects, and open diffusion pathways, whilst also maximising the size of accessible pores.
The sodium ion diffusion (D Na + ) in HC-1000 electrode can be calculated from the plots in the low-frequency region, and the equation can be expressed as: 58,59 where R is the ideal gas constant, T is the absolute temperature, A is the surface area, n is the number of electrons per molecule during oxidization, F is Faraday's constant, C is the concentration of sodium ion (4.9 Â 10 À4 mol cm À3 ) and s is the Warburg factor which is relative with Z re .
Journal metadata in excel format and full documentation of each paper were downloaded manually from Scopus, one of the widely recognized academic search engines. 25 The search term ''Layered metal oxide cathode material for sodium ion battery'' was used to search papers within ''Article title, Abstract, Keywords'' option and was limited to ''all open access'' publications, resulting in a total of 312 open access papers with diverse experimental results.
Interestingly, the carbonization process at a lower temperature (below 1200 °C) can produce a partially ordered structure with some similarities to the hard carbon material and can intercalate Li + /Na + ions due to abundant micropores along with tiny graphite-like crystals. Among these materials, anthracite originating from Hon Gai, delivered a high reversible capacity of 370 mA h g -1 when calcined at 1100 °C and used as the anode in a Li-ion battery.
The same contraction was observed in NaFeO2-based materials when a large number of Na-ions are removed, and the Fe 3+/4+ migrate into the tetrahedral site in the Na layer. The case of NaLRNMC4.6 suggests that the migration happens at the beginning of de-sodiation with large amount of Na still remaining in the Na layer, implying that the migration happens more easily than the case of NaFeO2, most probably due to the oxygen and TM vacancies in NaLRNMC4.6.
In addition, Na-ion batteries (NIBs) have recently received significant attention owing to their low cost and abundant global reserves compared to those of Li-ion batteries (LIBs) Recently, metal chalcogenide materials including metal sulfides and selenides have been successfully applied as anode materials for NIBs Electrospinning is a simple and highly versatile method used for the preparation of one-dimensional nanostructures of various compositions .
For example, PBAs are used in energy storage and conversion as cathodes for commercial Na-ion batteries. 4 Due to their inherent porous structure arising from the cyanide ligands in the lattice, they have an advantage in ion mass transport. 5 In parallel, they also are a great precursor for self-templating as they contain metallic precursor elements in their structure and cyanide ligands that can decompose to nitrogen-doped carbon during derivatization.
In the ternary phases, the MoSe 2 phase contributes to a high Na-ion storage capacity by virtue of its layered crystalline structure with a wide interlayer space, while the surrounding MoO 2 and porous nitrogen-doped carbon phases are conducive to rate behaviour and cycling stability of the ternary hybrids since both the two phases are beneficial for electronic transport and structural stability of MoSe 2 during repeated sodiation/ desodiation reaction.
The diffusion-controlled process and the surface-controlled process can be represented using the equation: When b equals 1.0, it indicates that the kinetic behavior of sodium ions is surface-controlled, and when b equals 0.5, it is diffusion-controlled. 26 The b-values of the reduction and oxidation peaks of HC-W were 0.6 and 0.5, respectively, which were both higher than those of the reduction and oxidation peaks of HC-P and HC-A (Fig. 4f, S7 and S8 †).
As shown in shown that Na diffusion in O3 and O'3 structures is slower than that in P3 because Na ions diffuse through shared faces between two adjacent prismatic sites in the P3 structure whereas Na ions pass via interstitial tetrahedral sites between two octahedral sites in the O3 structure. 34 This suggests that the increased polarization in Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 at faster rates might arise from the sluggish migration of Na ions in the O'3 structure.
Therefore, F and Na, the main constituent elements of the SEI, are not only detected in the surface layer but also in the bulk f SAXS patterns of pristine hard carbons and cycled hard carbons in ester and ether electrolytes. g The R SEI and R ct at different discharge states in ester electrolytes and ether electrolytes. h Arrhenius plots were obtained at a fully charged state. i Arrhenius plots obtained at fully discharged state. (Supplementary Fig. 14).
See The abundant availability of sodium in nature, its low cost, and the rocking-chair Na-ion storage mechanism have led to significant research interest in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) as a potential alternative to lithium-ion batteries, as evidenced by the attention they have received. 1,2 On the other hand, the Na ion demonstrates reduced reaction kinetics and transport during electrochemical cycling because of its greater ionic radius (around 1.02 Å).
Electrochemical studies were carried out in two-electrode coin-cells (CR2032) using the chosen carbon xerogel as the working electrode, sodium metal (Sigma-Aldrich) as counter and reference electrode, a glass fiber separator (Whatman, 1 mm-thick), and a 1 M solution of sodium hexafluorophosphate (NaPF 6 , Stella Chemifa) in a mixture of ethylene carbonate and dimethyl carbonate (EC/DMC, Solvionic, 1:1 mass ratio) as the electrolyte (referred to as NP30).
This study sheds light on using the combustion method as a facile and effective strategy to simultaneously mitigate the formation of impurity phases, reduce the carbon content, enhance the quality of carbon coating, improve the homogeneity of nanoparticles and pores within the structure, and enhance the electronic conductivity and physical stability of NFPP cathodes, paving the way for their practical application in high-performance sodium-ion batteries.
Furthermore, for SIB aluminium is used as the current collector and hard carbon instead of (natural and synthetic) graphite as the anode. 14 In this case, the broadest field of research is currently cathode active materials (CAM), where a large number of different materials is being tested at a lower technology readiness level (TRL). 8,15,16 These materials can roughly be classified into two different types, i.e., layered oxides and polyanionic materials.
Due to its technical and economic importance, a transition from non-renewable sources to cleaner and more sustainable energy storage methods is desirable. For the last few years the search for more abundant and lower cost energy storage has stimulated an inux of research into rechargeable sodium ion batteries. Based on the wide availability and low cost of sodium, sodium ion batteries offer the potential for meeting large scale grid energy storage needs.
On the reverse sweep, broad peaks occurring between 1.5 V and 2.2 V are ascribed to the extraction of sodium ions and the oxidation of Mn metal to MnS, according to the unique conversion reaction described in Eq. 35 : Figure 2b depicts the selected electrochemical reaction profiles (1st, 2nd 50th and 150th cycles) of the prepared secondary MnS electrode in the working potential window of 0 to 2.5 V vs Na/Na + at the applied current density of 0.5 A g -1 .
Sodiation up to 2 mV can underestimate possible additional sodium storage capacity within the plateau of the material. 51,52 Therefore, sodiation with capacity instead of the voltage limit was performed to determine the additional sodiation capacity of the samples below 2 mV (Fig. 4d, S7 and S8 †) and it is indeed shown that the capacity of all three carbons was underestimated as they all show a signicant additional capacity before sodium plating occurs.
To meet the growing global demand for energy storage solutions while adhering to the principles of sustainability, researchers have increasingly focused on the development of electrochemical energy storage materials and processes. In particular, the use of chemically pre-lithiated and pre-sodiated anode materials in lithium-and sodium-ion battery (LIB and SIB) systems has emerged as a promising approach to improve the performance and lifespan of batteries.
While the precise mechanism of Na storage in hard carbon materials remains a subject of debate, two distinct potential regions are generally recognized, namely, a sloping region from 2.0 to 0.15 V associated with the storage of Na + ions in various sites within the C structure, including defects, edges, surfaces, and pores, and a plateau region below 0.1 V primarily attributed to the storage of Na + ions within the graphitic structures of the C materials .
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have been perceived as the most suitable technology for low-power electric vehicles and grid energy storage. 1 The advancement of electrode materials largely determines the ultimate success of batteries. 2 The commercialization of SIBs largely depends on anode materials, 3 with hard carbon (HC) anodes showing the most promise, 4 while the poor capacity and large capacity loss of HC in initial cycle hinder the development of SIBs.
These intrinsic drawbacks significantly increase fabrication complexity and production costs. In contrast, Na Super-Ionic Conductor (NASICON) emerges as the most promising SSE candidate, exhibiting a wide electrochemical stability window (>4 V), excellent interfacial compatibility, low electronic conductivity, and high ionic conductivity (10 -4 -10 -3 S cm -1 ). 5 These properties make NASICON particularly well-suited for large-scale energy storage systems.
In the literature, the surface of NaNi 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 material has been found to be highly reactive due to the instability of surface sodium ions and high surface adsorption capacity towards air molecules. 33 This high reactivity negatively impacts the material's storage stability and electrochemical performance. 34 Our ndings indicate that tuning the holding time at nal calcination temperature can provide controllability of its surface reactivity.
The higher stability of the pristine LSC electrode is associated with the dominant pseudo-capacitive adsorption of sodium ions, which is less harmful to the electrode structure as compared to the slow ion insertion process that causes local disturbance of graphitic-like domains in carbons. 68 Still, considering the improvement in specic capacity for LSC/ ThinCN (+65% at the 1000th cycle at 300 mA h g -1 ), the stability improvement is at least not obvious.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved only one such medication, the insoluble form of bulk Prussian Blue (PB) known as ferric (III) hexacyanoferrate (II) or Radiogardase®, for the treatment of radiation contamination caused by radioactive Cs. 1, PB has a channel diameter of approximately 3.2 Å, similar to the hydration radius of Cs ion. 13 This property enables PB to selectively trap radioactive Cs in the intestines, preventing its absorption.
GC1000 with the highest oxygen content shows the largest sloping region capacity contribution (Fig. 3b), consistent with previously proposed sodium storage models where oxygencontaining defects offer favorable sodium adsorption sites. 33,47 Besides the contribution of surface functional groups and defects, variations of interlayer distance (d 002 ) between graphitic layers also affect Na insertion, as the expanded graphitic layers serve as Na storage sites.
In addition, the binder will undergo side reactions with the electrolyte during cyclic charge and discharge; for example, PVDF will decompose in the ether electrolyte, the binder-free electrode can also effectively avoid this problem. 46,47 To demonstrate the stability of the a-Sb 2 S 3 @CuSbS 2 electrode in sodium storage process, the morphological changes of both the a-Sb 2 S 3 @CuSbS 2 electrode and the traditional electrode were examined aer 30 cycles.
This method might accelerate the study for other Prussian blue analogues and has great potential to be use in other elds, such as supercapacitors, electrocatalysis and bioscience. 10 The synthesis methods of sample-FF, sample-CF and sample-PB are interpreted in the Experimental section: sample-CF is dened for Co-C-N-Fe, the sample-FF is dened for its derivate Fe-C-N-Fe, the sample-PB is dened as Prussian blue sample synthesized by the traditional method.
Generally, the SOC trend is in line with literature results for LIB-cells, showing a more severe TR, as indicated by larger p max , and a lower T TR,onset , for larger SOCs. 29, Furthermore, this trend aligns with recent ndings by Carter et al., who used ARC to study the safety of various commercial SIB-cell types. 26 Intriguingly, their results revealed that one of their NFMObased SIB cell types exhibited a TR-onset even at very low SOCs, i.e., 25% and 0%.
This is reasonable since the insertion of additional Na + ions increases the coulombic repulsion between the Na and Mn cations and the P3 structure undergoes a structural transformation to the O3-type phase to relieve this repulsion. 30,42 Since 85% of the Na To follow changes in the oxidation states of Mn, Ti and O during the rst cycle, ex situ SXAS spectra were collected at different states of charge and discharge over the rst cycle between 3.0 and 4.4 V.
The electrochemical performances of the Nasicon SE-based Na-air batteries in ambient air as a fuel are superior than those of all-solidstate Li-air (O 2 ) batteries even without any liquid additives in airelectrodes 7,16,18 , because of the higher redox potential of the Na 2 CO 3 xH 2 O reactions (~3.4 V) and much smaller potential gap between the charge and discharge, which is originated from the same electrochemical reaction pathway in the charge/discharge.
However, based on our best knowledge, the current state-of-the-art solid-state batteries could only deliver about 45%-90% theoretical discharge capacity with a fading rate of ~ 0.16% per cycle (the square symbol in Fig. 1) , and it is impossible to use high mass-loading electrodes, limiting the full utilization of the capacity of electrode materials, because sodium ions are unable to readily migrate within the electrode without enough ionic conduction medium.
To gain further interpretation, a two step model procedure was used: A two level Bragg-Williams (BW) model was used to separate and assign sodium insertion into interlayers and nanopores (detailed in Section 2.5.1) and hence model the thermodynamic curves measured experimentally in Section 2.4. The nanopore energetic term obtained from stage 1 is separated into surface (sodium adsorbed to pore walls) and interior (sodium in the second layer or higher) levels.
Na 3 V 1.5 Cr 0.5 (PO 4 ) 3 was reported by Goodenough and coworkers, which delivers a high capacity of 150 mA h g -1 with reversible three-electron redox reactions (V 2+ /V 3+ at 1.6 V, V 3+ /V 4+ at 3.6 V, and V 4+ /V 5+ at 4.1 V) and an excellent cycling stability (96% capacity retention aer 400 cycles). 32 Beneting from the potential difference between the three redox couples in Na 3 V 1.5 -Cr 0.5 (PO 4 ) 3 , a symmetric sodium-ion battery was assembled.
Furthermore, the diffusion coefficient of sodium ions (D Na+ ) was calculated by the equations as follows (Zhang et al., 2015a(Zhang et al., ,b, 2017b)): where R represents the gas constant, T is the absolute temperature, A is the surface area of the cathode, n signifies the number of transferred electrons, F is the Faraday constant, C is the concentration of sodium ions, σ is the Warburg coefficient, and ω is the angular frequency in the low frequency region.
Water and manganese defects can be eliminated, when the formal charge of all manganeses is +2 . hence, it can be expected that sodium ion is exchanged for cesium ion, through sodium ionconduction under applied voltage. hybrid Kohn-sham DFT calculations were performed to investigate the cesium-adsorption mechanism in Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 , from the viewpoint of ion-conduction. in the CsMn ii 8 (Cn) 12 model, the minimum total energy was given at the centre.
This indicates that NH 3 treatment not only alters the evolution of carbon layer structures but also signicantly increases the pore wall roughness, thereby introducing more accessible and effective sodium storage sites. 23,37 Moreover, the characteristic size values (R g ) obtained from the Unied model tting are in strong agreement with those obtained independently through Debye model tting, verifying the reliability and consistency of the Unied approach.
Our findings, coupled with previous identification of a NaSn intermetallic phase, show that Sn-coated NaSICON enables current densities above 500 mA cm -2 by essentially eliminating Na|NaSICON interfacial resistance. 34 NaSICON is a fast Na + conductor that transports Na + through the bottlenecks created by cornersharing zirconia octahedra and silica tetrahedra. 30 NaSICON was synthesized at Sandia National Labs using solid-state ceramic processing techniques.
However, one significant limitation in the progress of NIB technology has been the development of suitable anode materials. 3 Graphite anodes are widely used in LIBs, forming the stage one graphite intercalation compound (GIC) LiC 6 with a reversible capacity of 372 mA h g À1 . 4 On the other hand, in conventional electrolytes sodium ions cannot intercalate into graphite to any great extent (NaC 64 ), 5 and therefore graphite is unsuitable for NIB applications.
Hence, the overall variation of the migration barrier along with strain is the Fig. 2 Change in the calculated unit cell volume as a function of strain for LiFePO 4 and NaFePO 4 together with a schematic representation of the effect of compressive (<0%) or tensile (>0%) lattice strain on the thin film system. result of a ne interplay between different structural parameters whose nature depends on the particular structure and the migration path considered (Fig.
In this work, the "SATISTICA" software has been selected for analyzing the data of variable , variable , and variable , which are Na2MnO3, NaCoO2, and NaNi0.7Co0.2Al0.1O2 mole-fraction respectively and also the variable which are capacity and cyclability alternately (table 3 By this work, several compositions are used to explore the novel cathode materials with two-dimensional layered form through the ternary composition's diagram among Iso-structural material.
This demonstrates (i) that the electrochemical decomposition products of both [B 12 H 12 ] 2À and [CB 11 H 12 ] À ions are not redox active within the operating voltage range, in contrast to the redox activity of decomposed species in sulfide SEs, 24,55 3a, the cathode composite was cycled against a sodium metal anode galvanostatically at C/10 (1C = 130 mA g À1 , 0.161 mA cm À2 for a mass loading of 1.2 mg cm À2 ) with a fixed lower cutoff voltage of 2.50 V vs.
S4, ESI †) contained small peaks related to silicon nitride (B440, 800 cm À1 ) 44,45 or silicon carbide (B860 cm À1 ). 46 The presence of humps below 600 cm À1 corresponds to the Si-O-Si 47 bonds or Si-C. 48 Due to the better Raman efficiency of C-C bonds than Si-C, Si-N and Si-O, with amorphous silicon nitride and mainly amorphous silicon oxycarbides in the hard carbon composites, the Si-N and Si-C Raman bands were almost unobservable. 49 Two broad peaks (Fig.
As shown in Fig. 8(a), During the pyrolysis process of dragon shrimp shells, the carbon layer can grow along the CaCO 3 nanoparticles and retain large amounts of N and O doping, forming a series of N/ O-co-doped porous hard carbon nanoribbons (NOCNBs). 66 When used in K + storage, NOCNBs delivered a conspicuous reversible capacity of 468 mA h g À1 at 50 mA g À1 and an excellent cycling stability with a capacity of 277 mA h g À1 over 1600 cycles at 1000 mA g À1 .
Therefore, the present study clearly indicates that the secondary DS-MnS electrode employed in a combination with a diglymebased electrolyte is attractive for high energy SIB applications. this study also demonstrated that the drawbacks related to the electrochemical properties of transition metal sulfides for battery applications could be overcome by applying suitable strategies for material synthesis and making the appropriate choice of electrolyte components.
• Fe 1-x S/MoS 2 heterostructure with abundant "ion reservoir" interfaces is designed to reduce sodium ion diffusion barrier and facilitate charge-transfer kinetics, thus endowing the electrode with excellent cycling stability and rate capability. • The in-depth analysis on the dynamic relationship between heterointerface and sodium storage performance carves a new path for interface engineering toward the next-generation high-performance energy storage devices.
Li + /Li it too contracts along the c-axis as it transforms from O3 to the H1-3 phase, which contains lithiated O3-type layers alternating with vacant O1-type layers. 37,38 When more Li + is removed from this compound, the average interlayer spacing further decreases until the pure O1 phase is formed. 39 It is still not clear why some P2-NaMO 2 compounds transform directly to the O2-phase on charge while others evolve via the intergrowth mechanism described here.
It also indi-cates that the equivalent electrons and sodium ions are available simultaneously by the combination of OVs and carbon coating, leading to the efficiently improvement of the cyclability, even at high rates. [2a] B-TiO2(B) electrode, one most impressive feature, is cycled for 5000 times at a high rate of 10 C (equal to 3350 mA g -1 ), still exhibiting a capacity of 80.9 mAh g -1 with the retention of 94.4% (with respect to the fifth cycle) (Figure 5e).
Three-electrode cyclic voltammetry was employed to characterize the electrochemical properties of the electrolytes, as shown in Fig. 4, using a Cu working electrode which has previously been reported to facilitate plating/stripping of sodium metal. 19,26 The current density of the reduction peak follows the ratio of two mixed ILs, C 3 mpyrFSI o 75 : 25 C 3 mpyrFSI : P 111i4 FSI o 45 : 55 C 3 mpyrFSI : P 111i4 FSI o 15 : 85 C 3 mPyrFSI : P 111i4 FSI o P 111i4 FSI.
Earlier studies suggest various storage mechanisms of Li/Na ion in addition to intercalation, such as chemisorption on surface heteroatoms, metal nanopore filling, intercalation between graphene layers. Potassium ion storage mechanisms in carbon-based materials mainly follow a ''mixed potassium storage mechanism,'' which involves adsorption, pore filling, and intercalation. To investigate the K-ion storage mechanism in partially graphitized hard carbon (NGHC), J.
Recent reports show that composites of carbonaceous species, such as micro/mesoporous carbon, graphene oxide (GO), graphite, and carbon nanotubes with metal sulfides enhance the gravimetric capacity and cycle stability of LiSBs. Based on these reports, we hypothesized that a homogeneous composite matrix of GO and metal chalcogenides in the form of nanoparticle aggregated gel could lead to high capacity and cycle-stable electrode materials for Li/Na-ion batteries.
It is rather shown that Na + ions can be intercalated in graphite by co-intercalation phenomena in an ether based electrolyte with capacities in the range of 90-100 mA h g À1 at a current rate of 0.1C. 7 Alternatively to carbonaceous materials, few alloys and metal oxides are explored for sodium-ion batteries. 3,6a One major concern with most of these materials is their mechanical stability which is affected by drastic volume changes during sodiation/desodiation.
In general, the diffusion coefficient of sodium ion can be evaluated based on the following equation : where M b , m b , V m , S and τ represent the molecular weight, the mass loading of active material, the molar volume of the electrode material, the surface area of the electrode, and the applied current, respectively, while ΔE s and ΔE τ correspond to the steady-state voltage change after the discharge pulse and the voltage variation during the discharge pulse .
Besides, the deterioration of the NASICON-type NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NTP) anode for aqueous SIBs by the corrosive side reaction in NaNO 3 electrolyte has been reported. 11 Accordingly, we focused on NaClO 4 as a highly soluble conventional sodium salt, because its concentration can be increased to 10 M, which corresponds to 17 m. 12 Since our first report about NTP, 7 it has been used as actually unique anode for aqueous SIB in many literatures. NTP has the 2.1 V (vs.
Na/Na + was observed and discussed as main source of plateau capacity. Therefore, in recent years, attention has increasingly turned to obtaining control over the introduction of closed pores in HCs. While the contribution of these pores to sodium storage capacity is meanwhile well understood, the effect of their accessibility, that is, of carbon particle sizes and/or larger (open) transport pores on the sodium storage properties of HCs has been less investigated.
For example, some carbonate-based solvents such as dimethyl ether (DME), 1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethyl-2,2,3,3-tetrafluoropropyl ether (TTE), and diethyl carbonate (DEC) typically evaporate around 100 1C exhibiting characteristic endothermic features. 17 A previous study on hydrated P2-type Na 0.67 MnO 2 reported dehydration and NaHCO 3 decomposition occurring between 70-130 1C. 4 Additionally, thermal events in this region may partially overlap with binder transitions.
Due to the advantages of eco-friendliness, exibility and abundant sodium resources, exible aqueous rechargeable sodium-ion batteries (ARSIBs) have greater market competitiveness in the development of portable exible electronics. During the charging process of exible ARSIBs, Na + migrates from the cathode to the anode via the electrolyte, while electrons ow from the cathode to the anode through the external circuit, oen accompanied by redox reactions (Fig. 1).
During the sodiation and desodiation process, the diffusion coefficient D Na+ was calculated using the following equation : where m B is the active mass of the electrode; V m is the molar volume; M B is the molar mass of the electrode; S is the electrochemically active area of the electrode; ΔE s is the difference in open-circuit voltages after two adjacent relaxations; and ΔE τ is the voltage difference between the beginning and termination of a single pulse step.
One-directional Current Symmetric Cell Testing of Bare NaSICON Conclusions and Future Work • NaSICON structure consists of SiO 4 or PO 4 tetrahedra sharing common corners with ZrO 6 octahedra • Structure forms "tunnels" in three dimensions that can transport interstitial sodium ions • 3D structure provides higher ionic conductivity than other conductors (β ''alumina), particularly at low temperature • Lower temperature (cheaper) processing compared to β '' -alumina
Various carbonaceous materials, such as graphitic carbon (Funabiki et al., 1999;Song et al., 2011), amorphous carbon (hard carbon) (Zhang et al., 2015(Zhang et al., , 2016(Zhang et al., , 2017) ) and soft carbon (Chae et al., 2014;Huang et al., 2018;Wang et al., 2018)), nanostructured carbon (graphene) (Raccichini et al., 2016;Ferguson et al., 2017), and carbon nanotubes (Liu et al., 2018;Yuan et al., 2018) have been widely investigated for their LIBs applications.
The selected bond distances and the atomic angles are summarized in Table S1. † Similar to other NASICON phosphates, Na-O distances are found to be higher than the Na-O distances, leading to an easier extraction of Na + from the Na2 site compared to the Na1 during the redox reaction. 15,32 The surface morphology and elemental composition of NMFP/SS, NMFP/SG and NMFP/P powders were analyzed by electron microscopy (SEM) and energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDS).
Lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) with higher energy and power densities are actively sought to increase the competitiveness and widespread deployment of electric cars and stationary energy storage units, and for enabling new portable electronic devices. 1,2 Great hopes have been extended to conceptually similar sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) due to the much greater natural abundance of Na and the possibility of replacing copper anode current collectors with aluminum foils.
Wang et al. 11 demonstrated that they could obtain good cycling against bismuth when diglyme was used as a solvent, whereas the use of propylene carbonate generated unsatisfactory cycling. 11 There is therefore still a need to obtain a better understanding of electrochemical sodiation and desodiation, rate capability, and cycle life of high mass loading bismuth electrodes to investigate whether such electrodes could be used in applied full-cell sodium-ion batteries.
Observed in the same manner as the rst anodic scan, a peak below 0.1 V was observed, followed by a wide sloped region that is typical of sodium storage that can be reverted through intercalation and adsorption mechanisms on structural defects in the carbon. 49 Although the CV curves for different HC samples are similar, the redox peak is below 0.1 V, increases in amplitude with increasing calcination temperature, especially for the HC-1000 °C and HC-1250 °C samples.
For example, P2-Na 2/3 Fe 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 and P2-Na 2/3 Ni 0.33 Mn 0.67 O 2 have been tested in all solid-state sodium-ion batteries with a Na-b 00 -alumina electrolyte but the achievable capacity is limited by the combination of materials employed. 185,186 Consequently, research regarding solid-state electrolytes is primarily concerned with improving their ionic conductivity and understanding conduction mechanisms, particularly at the electrode-electrolyte interface.
Therefore, secondary batteries based on Na hold the great potential to replace LIBs to become the next generation batteries. However, the graphite anode materials that widely used in LIBs cannot be directly applied to sodium ion batteries (SIBs) due to the weak interaction between Na and graphite. 12,13 To this end, developing new anode materials with high specic capacity, high energy density, and good cycle performance is an urgent task for the application of SIBs.
The CV curves of PHC850 to PHC1600 are similar and consist of one pair of sharp reduction and oxidation peak between 0.001 and 0.25 V, corresponding to Na insertion/ extraction, which is in agreement with previous studies on other hard carbon in literatures. 17,33,38 As shown in Fig. 4c, the sharp redox peaks begin appearing clearly from PHC850 material, which has a higher initial coulombic efficiency and reversible capacity compared to PHC800 material (see Table 2).
All glass-ceramics contained lithium titanium phosphate (with the NASICON structure) as the major crystalline phase. • Addition of 1.5 to 5 mol% of B 2 O 3 decreased the crystallization temperature about 30 °C. • Addition of more than 2.5 mol% of B 2 O 3 improved glass forming ability and declined crystallinity of the relevant glass-ceramics. • The highest conductivity of 1.17 × 10 -3 Scm -1 was achieved at 300 K for the G-B2.5 specimen crystallized at 950 °C for 2 h.
Normally, Na-ions shield the electrostatic repulsion forces of the lattice oxygen, removing the Na-ions would lead to an interlayer expansion, while in some O3-type materials, only at the end of de-sodiation when the voltage is above 4.0 V, a monoclinic O1 phase with low interlayer spacing may emerge. [9a, 23] In this study, the interlayer expansion did not happen for NaLRNMC4.6, nor did the O3 to P3 phase transition when removing Na-ions out of the layered structure.
Finally, the electrode components should ideally be compatible with water-based manufacturing processes, in order to replacing methods using organic solvents (e.g., N-methyl-pyrrolidone, NMP). Switching from Li-ion batteries (LIBs) to Na-ion batteries (NIBs) would make it possible to get rid not only of Li, which is becoming more and more controversial in terms of availability and extraction impact, but also of Co and Cu and, if properly manufactured, of PVDF and NMP.
Notably, the final volume difference (∆𝑉𝑉 = 4.96 Å 3 ) between P2 and P2' phase at 1.5 V will bring about serious structural separation and may also lead to mechanical strain during cycles. for the little contraction of c-axis at high voltages (Fig. 4d), which may result from the unevenly de-intercalation of sodium ions or the redox reaction of lattice oxygen , and the change of crystal volume during charging/discharging of NFMTO is also opposite as shown in Fig S8b .
Screening appropriate sodiation reagents guided by the potential matching principle Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 with a NASICON (Na super ionic conductor) structure is formed by the corner-sharing of the PO 4 tetrahedron and VO 6 octahedron, providing plenty of large channels for Na + diffusion. 40 As depicted in Fig. 1a, its crystal structure contains three isolated sodium storage sites with different oxygen surroundings, namely occupied Na1 and Na2 sites and a vacant Na3 site.
However, the current SSEs suffer from several limitations such as low ionic conductivity, narrow electrochemical stability window, and poor contact with electrodes. In this context, theoretical computations for discovering new solid-state electrolytes (SSEs) for sodium-ion batteries are pivotal. These computational methods provide us with insights into fundamental properties and mechanisms associated with SSEs, thereby accelerating their development and implementation.
To achieve a compositional design of a sustainable cathode material, implementation of advanced tools such as machine learning on predictive models with descriptors such as crystal structure of materials, their surface characteristics, and their electrochemical performance is vital. 133 -137 Figure 4 summarizes the energy density and capacity retention of different sodium cathode materials depending on their crystal type, space group, and TM-content in the composition.
These observations indicate that Zn ion doping effectively promotes the NASICON structure's transformation from the monoclinic to the rhombohedral phase at reduced temperatures, highlighting the critical role of Zn doping in modulating the material's crystalline framework. Besides, the Na 3 PO 4 secondary phase was identified in the XRD patterns of NZSSP-Zn x (x = 0-0.20), which arises from excess sodium carbonate and ammonium dihydrogen phosphate at high temperatures.
CaCl 2 exhibits strong interactions with water molecules, disrupting the native hydrogen-bonding network and effectively lowering the freezing point of the optimized electrolyte. 112 The economic comparison of various electrolytes used in aqueous sodium ion batteries (ASIBs), as shown in Fig. 8(f ), highlights the optimized electrolyte's cost-effectiveness, with a low price of $0.059 per g ( per gram of water), underscoring its suitability for large-scale applications.
Recently, researchers reported amorphous silicon with capacity of 176 mA h g À1 at 100 mA g À1 over 100 cycles based on Na-Si binary compounds (theoretical capacity is 954 mA h g À1 ). 33 In addition, an electrode formed from amorphous silicon embedded in carbon fibres shows a reversible capacity of 438 mA h g À1 at 50 mA g À1 . 34 These efforts suggest that amorphous silicon-based electrodes are a promising route to enhance the energy delivered by sodium ion batteries.
For example, Guo et al. showed that the capacity retention in a full cell based on a hard carbon negative electrode and a P2-Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 Ti 1/3 O 2 positive electrode can be increased from 63% to 85% aer 200 cycles at 0.2C with a voltage window of 2.0-4.3 V by the addition of Na 2 C 2 O 4 . 218 Exactly how these additives alter the charged state behaviour of layered oxide positive electrode materials remains an interesting avenue for future studies to explore.
These cathodes are classified as P-type or O-type based on Na + occupation in prismatic or octahedral sites, respectively, with the thermodynamically stable P2-and O3-type structures, referring to the ABBA and ABCABC oxygen stacking, gaining attention due to their favorable electrochemical properties. 151 P2-type oxides exhibit superior Na-ion conductivity and structural stability compared with their O3-type counterparts, enhancing power density and cycling performance.
Owing to the inherently high sodium content, these materials exhibit potential commercial value, especially in the eld of energy storage, where they are anticipated to be the key components of high-performance sodium-ion batteries. 6,7 The economic viability and environmental compatibility of manganese enable O3-phase manganese-based cathode materials to be highly cost-effective and eco-friendly, making them especially attractive for large-scale energy storage systems.
Considering the similarity in the crystal structure between P3-type Oxy-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 and Na4/7[□1/7Mn6/7]O2, crystallizing in the triclinic space group P1 where the edge-sharing MnO6 octahedra build up □1/7Mn6/7O2 layers with the ordering between vacancies and Mn ions and sodium ions located between the layers, 45 the novel oxygen redox mechanism exclusively found in Oxygen-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 can be reconciled with previously reported studies on Na4/7[□1/7Mn6/7]O2.
In particular, NiS 2 is expected to be a promising electrode material for all-solid-state sodium secondary batteries because it has been reported that NiS 2 shows a high capacity in sodium-ion batteries using organic electrolytes. 7,8 FeS 2 is also a promising candidate because of its abundance in the Earth's crust, low material cost, and high theoretical capacity. Additionally, FeS 2 showed a higher discharge-charge potential than that of NiS 2 , as shown in this study.
However, these do not provide a signicant difference in terms of price and abundance of materials, because of the presence of rare transition metals (ucca of V, Cr, Co, Ni are 0.0053, 0.0035, 0.0012, 0.0019 wt%, respectively). 1,2 The search for new sodium cathode materials which contain highly abundant transition metals such as Mn (ucca of 0.0527 wt%) or more so Fe (ucca of 3.089 wt%) is therefore strongly needed to reduce the cost and environmental impact of batteries.
This result demonstrates that DAP-assisted pre-oxidation not only fundamentally alters the pyrolytic decomposition pathways of CKF, but also facilitates a more efficient conversion of cellulose to high-yield char (partial carbonization and crosslinked structures) as the precursor material for hard carbon. 29 In contrast, OKF and CKF show rapid weight loss at 200-400 °C from cellulose/lignin decomposition, yielding lower carbon residues (19.0 wt% and 9.5 wt%, respectively).
LIBs are not an excellent choice for the systems to store more energy in the case of large-scale applications like stationary energy storage devices (Lyu et al., 2020;Gao et al., 2018); however, sodium-ionbased batteries (SIBs) are the best alternatives and occupy a significant position due to their storage capacity (next to lithium), wide availability, low cost, and comparable electrochemical properties to lithium (Chen et al., 2022;Huang et al., 2022;Xia and Dahn, 2012).
Developing low temperature and solventfree synthesis routes of sulphide materials has therefore become an important research topic. We report here on the synthesis of the promising oxysulphide Na 2 Fe 2 OS 2 through mechanochemistry, a scalable, room temperature route, with thorough characterization of its structural features, and unravel its electrochemical properties as a cathode material for Na-ion batteries through a combination of advanced characterization techniques.
C/10) is not very high (Figure S11), which may be ascribed to the solid-electrolyte interphase (SEI) formation on the surface of the electrode material during the first cycle and the irreversible trapping of sodium ions at active sites of the graphene matrix as well as sluggish Na + intercalation kinetics of TiO 2 . Strategies such as pre-sodiation, 46 advanced binder, 21 or lithium ethoxide treatment 47 have been reported to efficiently mitigate the irreversible capacity.
However, until date, hard carbons as anodes for PIBs have fallen far short of commercial requirements, and their further development still faces several challenges: Extensive research has shown that heteroatom doping can effectively promote the electrochemical performance of the hard carbon, but it has to be admitted that excessive heteroatom doping will block the continuous conductive network, resulting in a decrease in the conductivity and the impact of rate performance.
The SEM images showed that the material has orthorhombic-shaped particle morphology with uniform distribution and is in good agreement with the powder XRD (PXRD) and elemental mapping images, as shown in Figure 3B, which shows the elemental dispersive x-ray spectroscopy spectrum of NaCoPO 4 used to determine the elemental composition and surface analysis, which indicates that the uniform distribution of elements (Na, P, Co, and O) throughout the material is interconnected.
We have ever found that the structural evolution of P2-O2 phase transition in a single-crystal P2-NM, accompanied by electrolyte erosion, significantly facilitates the serious lattice distortion, plane buckling, and grain cracking, resulting in sluggish Na-ion kinetics and unstable electrode/electrolyte interface. 38 This study shows that the Mg substitution of P2-NM can stabilize its bulk layered structures by relieving phase transition, thus enhancing the cycle stability.
Ma et al. reported one of the highest total conductivities among NaSICONs to date of 5.2 × 10 -3 S cm -1 at 25 °C for Na 3.4 Zr 2 Si 2.4 P 0.6 O 12 , which is comparable with state-of-the-art liquid-based electrolytes for NIBs and highlights the promising potential of NaSICONs as SSEs. 26 Substitution of both M and A cations has been shown to be an effective strategy for modifying the (electro)chemical and structural properties, and thus the ionic conductivity of NaSI-CONs.
To quantify the relative change of the SANS intensity, we tted each SANS prole to a Teubner-Strey model which describes a two-phase system that has similar volume fractions an average distance, d, between domains of the same phase. 22 This is comparable to the nanopore structure of hard carbon, which can be considered as a totally disordered twophase system, making the Teubner-Strey model equivalent to the well-known Debye-Bueche model for totally random twophase systems.
In contrast, the P2-Na 0.67 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 system retains the P2-type structure up to 4.0 V but displays the deleterious P2-O2 transition when charged to 4.5 V. 57 Lithium intercalation into a sodium containing lattice has also been explored for the P3-Na x Co 1/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 (0.38 # x # 0.75) system. 58 During cycling, the initial P3-type structure was found to transform into the O3-type structure, where both lithium and sodium ions coexist in the alkaline layers.
NMO showed stepwise curves derived from Na ordering and lattice distortions, analogous to OB3-NaMnO 2 . 25 However, in the Li cell, we observed smooth discharge curves due to the absence of Li ordering and two main plateaus centered at ³3.8 and 3.1 V attributed to O3-type LiMnO 2 . 26 Interestingly, after doping with 10 % Ti (Fig. 2b), we observed lower discharge capacities of 176 in the Na cell, but also with different charge/discharge profiles compared to the undoped NMO.
The frequency G of the sodium ion jump is given by eqn . 57,110,111 In this study, the attempt frequency associated with the ion vibration is assumed to be v = 10 13 Hz. 110 The mobility of Na + ions m Na resulting from successful jumps is evoked when an external electric eld Ẽ is applied and the Na + ions move parallel to the direction of Ẽ. m Na is given by the dri velocity ũNa , i.e., the average ionic displacement Dx Na per unit time t, in the applied electric eld Ẽ.
The plot Fig. 5 shows the comparative electrochemical performance of reported literature values wherein we extracted the representative data for either similar spherical morphology or for amorphous hard carbon. 18, We concluded that our composite design outperformed in terms of the rst discharge cycle, rate test and long cycle stability/retention of 500 cycles even at a high current density of 500 mA g À1 as a benchmark against other state-of-art-electrodes for SIB anodes.
These results indicate that the activation process of the Sn electrode in the SIBs is much slower than that in the LIBs because of the poor electrochemical sodiation/ desodiation kinetics as the Na ions are approximately 55% larger in radius than the Li ions. 6,13,17,18 Aer the 3 rd cycle, the Sn electrode in the SIB system exhibits drastic capacity fading (602.5 mA h g À1 ), whereas the Sn electrode in the LIB system retains a high reversible capacity of 780.1 mA h g À1 .
Nonetheless, continued interest in such technologies stems from their processing ability and flexibility, higher safety due to the absence of flammable organic solvents and high dimensional stability Reported salts for PEO-based, solid-polymer electrolytes in sodium-ion battery applications include sodium trifluoromethane sulfonate (NaCF 3 SO 3 ) While the best conductivities have been shown by fluorinated salts so far, there is a paradigm shift in research and development.
Sodium superionic conductor NASICON (Na superionic conductor)-type oxide-based materials are considered to be one of the most promising solid electrolytes due to their reasonable high Li-ion conductivities at room temperature. 9-11 PO 4 tetrahedra and metal oxide octahedra constitute the threedimensional connected crystal skeleton of NASICON electrolyte, and partial Li + lls the pores of the skeleton structure to construct three-dimensional connected ion transport channels.
• Sb 2 S 3 hollow microspheres have been successfully synthesized by a simple hydrothermal reaction using SbCl 3 and Lcysteine as raw materials without adding any surfactants. • The novel architecture combines the merits of nanometer size, hollow interior, and 3D hierarchical structure. • The material presents remarkable cycling performance and outstanding rate capability in lithium-ion batteries and also exhibits superior sodium-storage capabilities in sodium-ion batteries.
Such a trend was also observed for comparable highly N-doped carbons, 39,40 in contrast to the compression of graphitic sheets as observed for cellulose derived hard carbons. 41 Together with the appearance of a peak at 44 and the elemental analysis, this indicates a higher concentration of nano-sized graphitic domains with increasing temperature, each of them representing one "Card" if the formation of hard carbons is modelled with the above-mentioned "Falling Cards Model".
In this case, in addition to the two broad peaks from hard carbon, a small peak corresponding to 3C The amorphous-crystalline transition temperature of silicon nitride varies from 1200 to 1500 1C, depending on synthesis method and the properties of the amorphous material, 39,40 while that of silicon carbide is typically around 900 1C. 41 Hence it is unsurprising that the amorphous silicon oxycarbide partially crystallised to cubic silicon carbide during pyrolysis at 1200 1C.
The evolution of water vapour and carbon dioxide (200-450 °C) in the TGA-DSC-MS measurement and the increasing interlayer distance in the insitu XRD experiment, can be rationalized by further sodiation of the layered structure, with NaOH, NaHCO 3 or Na 2 CO 3 as sodium source adding x sodium ions per formula unit: The shrinkage of the a lattice parameter (metal-metal distance) in Figure 4B, suggests an ongoing oxidation of the transition metals within this temperature range.
Overall, the PDOS analysis reveals that Na alloy does not alter the metallic character of the material, but subtly modifies the orbital-resolved electronic structure, which could influence the bonding characteristics and possibly affect the electron-phonon coupling strength in future phonon-related investigations Moreover, Fig. 7a, b illustrate the variation of areal quantum capacitance (CQ) and charge storage capacity as functions of applied bias for ZrCr2 and ZrNa0.5Cr1.5.
Therefore, a new method of making a ceramic of a specific pattern using 3D printing or a sacrificial template is being studied. 53,54 In addition, the polymer material used to enhance the physical characteristics should have a high Na-ion conductivity, thereby maximizing the ion transfer effect of the solid electrolyte in the future, making it possible to manufacture a thin and flexible film-type solid electrolyte capable of ion transfer by sintering the ceramic in this way.
The new synthesis approach developed here has thus demonstrated the promise of amorphous silicon nitride coatings on hard carbon to produce a significant capacity enhancement, but much higher improvements in performance can be sought in further work via the optimisation of the hard carbon material, electrode formulation and electrolyte formulation, as well as the incorporation in full cells with a sodium-ion cathode in order to study the true capacity retention with cycling.
The electrochemical performance of Prussian white-hard carbon fullcells was investigated at 40 °C and 55 °C under different cycling protocols, including galvanostatic cycling with and without extended relaxation time and different cycling rates. 0.35 M NaBOB TEP with 3 wt% PES electrolyte solution showed promising results, obtaining stable cycling at 55 °C at 0.2 C rate and reaching comparable capacity retention after 140 cycles as 1 M NaPF 6 in EC:DEC at the same condition.
With this being said the battery cost is lowered by higher specific energy density and longer lifetime in most applications as this minimizes material use and replacement costs. 3,4 The renewed interest in sodium-ion batteries is not only a result of their good mix of performance and abundance of raw materials but also their similarity to lithium-ion batteries that allows for the use of a lot of the lessons learned from the extensive research in the lithium-ion battery field.
The surface-dominated redox reaction rendered by our tailored ultrathin tin(II) sulfide nanostructures may also work in other layered materials for high-performance sodium-ion storage. hile open framework materials have proven effective in constructing kinetically favourable sodium (Na)-ion channels as cathodes for sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) , the sluggish Na-ion transport and severe volume expansion currently limit the rate performance and stability in most anode materials.
In contrast, the desodiated state showed reappearance of the Ge-Ge bond proceeded by the reappearance of GeTe, which was evident as presented by the following reactions: GeTe → Ge + Na 2 Te → NaGe + Na 2 Te (sodiation) NaGe + Na 2 Te → Ge + Na 2 Te → GeTe (desodiation) A mechanism-directed approach has revealed the significance of amorphous structures in nullifying the influence of stress-induced limitations and interfacial inhomogeneities that plague the SIB anode capacity .
Drawing from prior research on SnSe 2 anodes for sodium storage, the initial charging process is believed to involve both intercalation and conversion reactions: 41 xNa + + SnSe 2 + xe -/ Na x SnSe 2 Sn + 3.75Na + + 3.75e -/ Na 3.75 Sn The initial discharging process of the CV prole (Fig. 4a) exhibits a reduction peak near 1.65 V, which is associated with the intercalation of Na + into the interlayer space of SnSe 2 crystal structure with the formation of Na x SnSe 2 (eqn ).
Strain engineering, which can be realized by element intercalating and mechanical loading, is a simple and efficient way to lower the Na-ion diffusion barrier and improve the conductivity properties for designing electrode materials of SIBs. 25,26 Thus, in this work, we have theoretically studied the relationship between the strain and the diffusion barrier/path of sodium ions in layered CrN 2 by rst-principles calculation, which can be realized by alkali metal intercalation.
Even though O3-type Na x MO 2 exhibits a higher capacity due to the higher Na content in the structure (x = 1), P2 structures have a better cyclability and rate performance due to the fewer phase transitions and higher Na diffusion. 3,13 Manganese-based P2-Na x MnO 2 (x o 1) is an attractive cathode material for SIBs, because of the low-cost and environmentally friendly properties of manganese. 14 One drawback of some P2-structures is the P2-O2 phase transition above 4.0 V vs.
However, the rapidly rising demand for electric vehicles and for grid storage applications have raised the concern that lithium would not be able to meet the future demand due to the limited and uneven distribution of lithium ores in the Earth's crust and the subsequent high price and volatility. 1,2 Na-ion batteries, as an alternative to the Li-ion technology, have emerged as a more sustainable and costeffective choice because they rely on more abundant and lowcost materials.
Sodium-ion batteries (NIBs) have been proposed as promising alternatives to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) in the megawatt-and kilowatt-scale energy storage scenarios (i.e.; electric vehicles, stationary grids) for their high cost-effectiveness, sustainability, and environmental benignity. 1 Since the operation chemistry of NIBs is very similar to that of LIBs, knowledge gained from developing LIB technology can be mostly applied to NIBs with the exception of electrode materials.
Furthermore, the use of a low-polar solvent with weak solventsolvent interactions results in a low freezing point and low viscosity, contributing to improved electrolyte performance under low-temperature conditions. 79 Commercial hard carbon delivers superior rate performance (212 mAh g -1 at 5 A g -1 ) and low-temperature resilience (175 mAh g -1 at -20 °C, 74% of RT capacity) in weakly solvating THF electrolytes, outperforming carbonate-based systems with negligible capacity.
High-resolution TEM images (Fig. 1(b 3 ) and (c 3 )) reveal a typical disordered carbon structure composed of short-range turbostratic graphene layers, while the corresponding selected area electron diffraction (SAED) patterns (Fig. 1(b 4 ) and (c 4 )) display diffuse rings, further con-rming the amorphous nature and characteristic short-range ordering of hard carbon. 6,22 The hard carbon structure of microspheres are further characterized and the results are showed in Fig. 2.
When hard carbons are synthesized at very high temperature (typically 2500 °C and above), they are often called glassy carbons (GCs). This is due to the glass-like aspect that these carbons present, prior to milling, when prepared from bulk thermosetting resins (e.g., phenolic) cast in molds with a smooth surface. Since the development of the metal-ion batteries, many studies have tried to identify the electrochemical storage mechanism of Na + in non-graphitizing carbons (NGC).
However, Na + ions located near the inert TM sites are not removed from their prismatic/octahedral sites, and this has a stabilizing effect. 29 Ti, Cu, Mg, Zn, Li, and Mg are oen chosen as doping elements in layered oxide SIB cathode materials due to their optimal ionic radii and low price. 15, 26 and found that Na 2/3 Ni 1/3 Mn 1/2 Ti 1/6 O 2 delivers a high initial reversible capacity (127 mA h g À1 ) and exhibits good capacity retention with a high average voltage of 3.7 V.
The main problems of sodium-ion batteries at low temperatures are caused by the slow diffusion process, including the diffusion process of Na + at the interface of electrolyte and electrode solid electrolyte and the charge transfer process of Na + and e-at the interface of electrode/electrolyte, which hinder by the decrease of temperature, resulting in a significant decrease in the kinetic performance of the battery, seriously affecting the electrochemical performance of SIBs .
The core formed by this nucleation is rich in -OH, C 6 H 5 -CQO, and OQC-O-groups, which undergo polymerization with a reactive oxygen group and grow outwards to form micro-spherical particles. 101 Polyethylene and other organic precursors yield micro-spherical carbon above 600 1C. 102 Consequently, the synthesis methods and precursors for hard carbon play a crucial role in altering the hard carbon morphology and structure that subsequently affects the storage-capacity relation.
The characteristics of this mixed oxide were studied experimentally by the researchers of Skoltech, a Russian private international university established in collaboration with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), They cooperated with the researchers from France, the US, Switzerland, and Australia, They confirmed that this cathode material displayed the reversible specific capacity of 190 mAh g -1 , which is rather high for a cathode material of sodium-ion batteries.
Lithium-ion (Li-ion) batteries are widely used; however, due to the continuous increase in market demand, the shortage of lithium resources has become a widespread concern. 1 Sodium (Na) is more abundant in the Earth's crust compared to Li, while Na and Li have similar chemical properties, making Na-ion batteries a promising alternative to Li-ion batteries. 2 Nevertheless, the larger radius of Na + ions compared to Li + leads to poor cycling stability and slow kinetic reactions.
• High-entropy oxides O3-Na 0.95 Li 0.06 Ni 0.25 Cu 0.05 Fe 0.15 Mn 0.49 O 2 cathode constructed by compatible radius and different Fermi level ions was designed for solid-state Na-ion batteries. • Na 0.95 Li 0.06 Ni 0.25 Cu 0.05 Fe 0.15 Mn 0.49 O 2 cathode exhibits high-rate performance, air stability and electrochemically thermal stability. • A series of characterizations were performed to explore energy storage mechanism of Na 0.95 Li 0.06 Ni 0.25 Cu 0.05 Fe 0.15 Mn 0.49 O 2 .
One electrode was discharged to 0.8 mAh cm -2 and the other was charged up to 3.85 V just after the discharge Fig. 2 | Reaction products at 1 st cycle and the electrochemical reactions via GITT measurements in the Nasicon SE-based Na-air cell. a Voltage profiles (left) and differential discharge capacity plots, dQ/dV for the 2 nd to 10 th cycles (right) during the first 10 cycles under the ambient air condition with cutoffs set at 0.2 mAh cm -2 for discharge and 3.85 V for charge.
A study on PVDF, a commonly used binder in sodium-ion cathodes, identified two Fig. 6 Elemental composition analysis by EDS measurements of particle types identified in Na x Ni 1/3 Fe 1/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 (NFM) cathode materials after thermal treatment and cooling to 30 1C. (a) Atomic ratios of Mn, Fe, and Ni normalized to Ni content for particle type A (irregular-shaped) and particle type B (spherical) across fully charged (FC), partially charged (PC), and fully discharged (FD) states.
SANS data from HCs show a slope at low Q (below 0.04 Å -1 ) which is attributed to surface scattering of the individual particles and a shoulder at higher Q ∼ 0.1 Å -1 resulting from the scattering of the pores within the bulk of the hard carbon. 24 Whilst the peak position of this shoulder corresponds to the average distance between the pores, its intensity is proportional to the scattering length density (SLD) contrast between the bulk carbon matrix and the content of the pores.
Among the big family of vanadium compounds, NVP have been intensively studied as SIBs cathodes because of its high theoretical capacity and stable Na super ion conductor (NASICON) structure. Especially, NVP displays two potential plateaus located at 3.4 and 1.6 V versus Na/Na + , related to the V 3+ /V 4+ and V 2+ /V 3+ redox couples, respectively. These two reactions can provide a specific capacity of approximately 117 and 50 mA h/g at the high-and lowvoltage zones, respectively.
In this respect, Hu and coworkers applied switchgrass as a biomass example and carbonized it at a high temperature of greater than 2000 °C via the tailored Joule heating process for SIB applications, as shown in Fig. 9a. 70 An ultrahigh temperature of about 2050 °C resulted in superior electrical conductivity and highly ordered pseudographite structure with an interlayered spacing of about 0.376 nm, which were benecial for achieving a signicant Na + storage property (Fig. 9b-d).
Upon exposure to air, layered oxides easily absorb water leading to the formation of an electrically insulating layer at the surface composed of NaOH and/or NaCO 3 . 190,191 As such the surface modications documented for lithium-ion battery electrodes are not all necessarily applicable to sodium-ion battery materials. 192 Due to the sensitivity of layered transition metal oxides to air, they should ideally be handled in a glovebox during electrode fabrication and cell preparation.
However, as shown in the contour maps, the characteristic shoulder peaks of the ( 012 sodium ions intercalate into V 2 O 3 tunnels through faradaic charge transfer and without crystallographic phase changes. 21,33 Specifically, during V 2 O 3 pseudocapacitive responses in the redox reactions, V 2 O 3 serves as a stabilizer, effectively buffering volume changes and stress gradients caused by NVFP's phase transformations, thereby contributing to the cathode's strong cycling stability.
To lessen the volume change of alloy anode materials, there are many strategies such as reducing the size to the nanoscale, coating of carbonaceous materials, architecting a void space to bear the volume change, and lastly forming 2D or 3D heterostructures with other elements to buffer the volume expansion during the sodiation/desodiation process. 22,23 The exhaustively employed way is to reduce the size of Ge to the nanoscale, thereby reducing the pathways for sodium ion diffusion.
All-solid-state cells using Na 3 BS 3 glass electrolytes exhibit excellent reversibility of sodium plating and stripping. 14 Strictly, the Na 3 BS 3 glass also reacts with sodium metal; however, the formation of a thin reaction interphase with an electronic insulating property suppresses reductive decomposition. 14 The formation of a passivate "interphase" by solid electrolyte decomposition contributes to the reversible operation of all-solid-state sodium batteries with hard carbon.
Among these, R ct primarily reects the ease of charge transfer at the electrode-electrolyte interface, a process closely related to sodium-ion intercalation into graphite-like interlayers or closed nanopores in hard carbon materials. 6 Overall, across various carbonization temperatures, the NPNHC series exhibit slightly lower R ct values than the PNHC series, with NPNHC-T1200 showing the lowest charge transfer resistance, indicating the most favorable interfacial reaction kinetics.
A sodium metal disk (1 mm thick, sodium ingot, 99.8% metals basis, Alfa Aesar) was used as the counter electrode (CE) and a disordered, non-graphitic carbon (hard carbon) anode material (1-2 mg cm -2 ) was used for the working electrode (WE), which were separated by a number of electrolyte-saturated Whatman GF/B glass microfibre separators (675 µm); initially five (Fig. 1) in an uncycled cell, then two (Figs. 234) to study the dendrite growth to prevent short circuiting of the cell.
It can be concluded that a difference in carbon structure between HC-1600 and HC-2000 gave rise to a drastic difference in the manner of sodium storage, whereas little change was found for lithium storage, 25 although the specic surface areas of both HC-1600 and HC-2000 are less than 1 m 2 g À1 . 36 Their results claried that large interlayer distances are favourable for Na ion intercalation into carbon layers, and that vacancy defects can greatly enhance the Na ion intercalation.
• Hard-carbon anode dominated with ultra-micropores (< 0.5 nm) was synthesized for sodium-ion batteries via a molten diffusion-carbonization method. • The ultra-micropores dominated carbon anode displays an enhanced capacity, which originates from the extra sodium-ion storage sites of the designed ultra-micropores. • The thick electrode (~ 19 mg cm -2 ) with a high areal capacity of 6.14 mAh cm -2 displays an ultrahigh cycling stability and an outstanding low-temperature performance.
Among 3d transition metal based compounds, several studies on P2-type sodium manganese based oxides (NaxMyMn1-yO2 where x ≈ 0.7 and M= Li, Mg, Fe, Ni, Zn and mixtures of elements) have shown that appropriate substitution can produce non-bonding O 2p states which are responsible for oxygen redox. A few studies on P3-type sodium manganese based oxides, for example Na0.6Li0.2Mn0.8O2, 10,11 Na2/3Mg1/3Mn2/3O2 12 and Na0.67Ni0.2Mn0.8O2 13 have also suggested the contribution of oxygen ions.
Due to the complex structure of natural materials, achieving this requires the preparation of model HCs with well-controlled structures by carefully selecting the precursors and optimizing synthesis conditions, thereby the control variable method was difficult employed to elucidate the influence of individual factors on the sodium storage mechanism, such as pores, microstructure, morphology, defects, sp 2 -C structure, and so forth on, leading to the complex sodium storage mechanisms.
Furthermore, SIBs are capable of satisfactory operation at room temperature by discovering suitable sodium ion intercalation materials. However, the problem with SIBs is the larger size of the Na ion (99 pm) compared to that of the Li ion (59 pm), which leads to problems such as slower ion diffusion, larger volume change and structure damage upon charge and discharge cycles. 13,14 Thus, it is impossible to simply adapt the current Li ion battery electrode materials to SIBs technology.
One of the most notable systems is the Sodium ion batteries (SIBs) owing to its abundance, low cost and availability Transition metal oxides (TMOs) have been greatly studied on LIBs due to their high theoretical capacities (>600 mAh•g -1 ) which is obtained through conversion reaction of oxides with Li Vanadium metal takes multiform valence states which can provide series of transition metal vanadium-based compounds (A x V y B z ) (A=Co, Cr, Fe, Zn, Mn, Mg, Bi, etc., B=O, S or Se) 33 .
In principle, alkali ion intercalation may induce strain in the stacking, leading to changes in local density, increased dspacing, and a shift of diffraction peaks to lower q (or 2y) values. 49,50 For example, lithium intercalation into a graphitic structure to form LiC 6 results in a downshift of the C peak by more than a degree, caused by the strain within the graphitic planes. 52,53 Thereby, operando WAXS is employed to monitor the possible intercalation happening in the hard carbon.
Sodium-ions positioned at Na2 sites can be (de)intercalation for electrochemical activity. 24,25 Therefore, the de-intercalation of one sodium-ion per unit cell from Na 3 -Co 0.5 Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 with the formation of Na 2 Co 0.5 Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 through the TM 3+ /TM 2+ (TM ¼ Co, Mn) redox couple, while the intercalation of another sodium-ion per unit cell into Na 3 -Co 0.5 Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 with the formation of Na 4 Co 0.5 Mn 0.5 Ti(PO 4 ) 3 through the Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ redox couple.
Na + /Na, which is at the same potential as reported for the electrochemical reaction of red P with Na. [3e] This implies that metal phosphides rather convert into elemental P and that cycling proceeds mainly by the reaction P + 3e -+ 3Na + ↔ Na 3 P, as has been suggested for FeP. In Li-ion half-cells, the majority of delithiation occurs at a potential of more than 1.0 V showing that metal phosphides are generally better suited as SIB anode materials due to lower voltages of desodiation.
In general, two typical types, the faradaic behavior arising from sodium insertion and extraction mechanisms, and pseudocapacitive process owing to the surface faradic redox reactions, are recom-mended as deeply exploring electrode reaction mechanisms of sodium storage based on CV analysis at different sweep rates. [10c,30d,31] Both relationships are subsequently portrayed by plotting log(i) against log(v) for white/blue-TiO2(B) electrode, where the b-values are obtained from the slopes.
In the early plateau region, the progressive insertion or confinement of sodium ions may lead to local accumulation and enhanced electrostatic repulsion, which has been suggested as a cause of decreased sodium ion mobility in prior studies. 30,47 As the applied potential increases, ions interact with the pore surfaces and recombine with the stored counterelectrons, transitioning into a near-neutral charge state (Na + -Na a , where a o 1) during the early plateau, forming a monolayer film.
However, the diffusion kinetics of Na-ions inside the bulk of the electrode at different voltages can be estimated by analyzing the Warburg region of the EIS data using the following equations : here, R represents the gas constant, T is the temperature, A is the geometrical surface area of the electrode, η is the number of sodium ions involved in the reaction, F is the Faraday constant, C denotes the Na concentration in the electrode material (mol-cm 3 ), and σ is the Warburg coefficient.
For enhanced sodium storage properties, many authors also emphasized the feature of enlarged graphene interlayer spacing and claimed that this beneted sodium insertion, because sodium ion have a relatively larger radius (1.02 Å) compared to lithium ions (0.79 Å). Very recently; a remarkable improvement was achieved by Hu et al. based on a hydrothermally carbonized sucrose method, which was further pyrolyzed at high temperature, where the surface was coated with so (graphitizable) carbon.
An experimental setup using a conventional laboratory diffractometer to collect time resolved PXRD patterns of the electrode material in a wide 2θ range in a working LIB and SIB half cell (in operando characterization) has been designed and developed by our research group, see Figure 16. 58 In operando characterization gives the opportunity to study structural changes; such as unit cell changes, phase transformation, etc., in the electrode material while it is being charged and discharged.
Biomass derived hard carbons prepared at pyrolysis temperatures between 1200 °C and 1400 °C have been identied to exhibit improved structural properties benecial to sodium-ion storage performance. 12,15 Traditional experimental methods of analyzing the electrochemical properties of hard carbons include measuring the surface area, ratio of defective to graphitic carbon, ICE, and other material properties, and correlating them with their reversible capacities at different charge densities.
Although the specific capacity of silicon nitride is lower than the theoretical capacity (2292 mA h g À1 ) that can be expected from a 4-electron conversion reaction, the capacity obtained here (848 mA h g À1 ) is still higher than can be achieved in the carbon based materials or has been reported for any other silicon-based system with sodium. 33,34 Fig. 4b shows the first charge/discharge profile of hard carbon produced under argon (HC-Ar) and composite HC-SiOC electrodes at 50 mA g À1 .
In the rst cycle, two distinct reduction peaks at 0.89 V and 0.27 V can be observed, which are related to the decompositions of the solvent and electrolyte salt to form the SEI. 50 In the second and subsequent cycles, the reduction peaks at 0.89 V and 0.27 V disappear, which indicates that the irreversible reaction of the formation of SEI lm is mainly accomplished in the initial cycle. 51 The broad reduction peak at 0.5 V corresponds to the insertion of sodium ions in the graphene layers.
Notably, cobalt nickel oxide (NiCo 2 O 4 ) has been viewed as a promising, less expensive and scalable alternative for high-performance cobalt-based oxides due to the abundance, low cost and environmental friendliness of Ni. 80 According to previous work, 80,81 the sodium storage mechanism of NiCo 2 O 4 can be expressed as follows: After the first discharge, the sodium storage mechanism is mainly based on two independent conversion reactions of the corresponding component unary metal oxide.
In this arrangement, ligand field splitting causes the d The sodium-rich NaVOPO 4 has a theoretical capacity of 145 mAh/g corresponding to one sodium ion and the V 4+ /V 5+ redox couple following the reversible reaction: The monoclinic phase of as-synthesized sodium-rich NaVOPO 4 stabilizes in P 2 1 /c space group, and the respective crystal structure is depicted in Fig. 5 atom opposite the vanadyl bond is large enough to be considered non-bonding with VO 5 pentahedra from adjacent layers .
Similar to other electrode materials, the rst method is to use nanosize NTO made through elaborate synthesis routes, this shortens the transport path for ions and electrons. However, a plateau voltage prole was oen lost, and instead, a slope-like voltage prole was observed, indicating pseudocapacitance anode behaviour for sodium-ion capacitors (SICs). 41 The second method is to introduce conductive layers such as carbon 42,43 and its derivatives 44,45 to enhance electronic conductivity.
However, this also greatly affects the electronic conductivity because of the induced quantum connement effect at the nanoscale. 24 The coating of carbonaceous materials on the surface of anode materials has also been proved as an effective strategy for increasing the cyclic stability. 25 This layering of carbon can accommodate the internal stress caused by severe volume change during sodium ion insertion and extraction with high electrochemical activity, thus improve the cycling stability.
As displayed in Fig. 5(c), the adsorption energy (E ads ) of vacancy defects caused by N-5 and N-6 in the carbon layer is À2.38 eV and À2.68 eV, respectively, indicating that N-6 is more favorable for the adsorption and storage of K + . 99 The introduction of abundant edge N doping defects, as highly chemically active sites, delivered exceptional electrochemical performance of hard carbon, retaining a competitive reversible specific capacity of 384.2 mA h g À1 after 500 cycles at 0.1 A g À1 .
Based on this result, the Na storage mechanisms transition from primarily adsorption to primarily intercalation as the temperature rises, and the reduction in interlayer spacing d 002 is associated with facilitating sodium intercalation reactions. 44,46 In order to verify the electrochemical stability of the electrodes for different temperatures, galvanostatic curves for HC at a constant current density of 25 mA g -1 over the voltage range of 0.01-2.5 V for 50 cycles are displayed in Fig. 7A.
Lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) are likely to be unable to meet the large-scale demands for global energy storage, due to limited Li reserves. 1,2 Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are regarded as a potential alternative to LIBs for a range of large-scale energy storage applications, due to a higher abundance of constituent materials, 3 price 4 and safety. 5 Some of the key challenges which currently restrict implementation of Na-ion technologies stem from the larger radius of sodium ions (1.02 Å) vs.
The sodium-ion storage mechanism of Fe 2 O 3 in SIBs is as follows : However, iron oxide electrodes suffer from several inherent shortcomings: the generation of electrochemically inactive Na 2 O during cycling severely degrades cycle stability; the intrinsic low conductivity leads to sluggish ion diffusion, poor rate capability, and significant voltage hysteresis; massive volume expansion and Fe 0 nanoparticle agglomeration during cycling cause structural damage and rapid capacity decay [17, .
Figure 5 shows these two phases of sodiation: stage 1, evolution of the peaks around 0 ppm, up to 4 h into charging (~150 mA hg -1 carbon), are indicative of sodium insertion and SEI formation, and is completed around a cell voltage of 2.6 V (Supplementary Fig. 10); stage 2, between 4 and 8 h up to 3.7 V (300 mA hg -1 carbon) the formation of additional sodium environments are detected in the region where quasimetallic sodium nanoparticles (sodium pooling) have been previously observed 13,16 .
The pre-oxidation in air at 150 °C not only tune the hard carbon structure but also favors amorphization which enhances sodium ion intercalation into the graphene planes causing improvement in the capacity gain at the plateau region which is responsible for over 58% of its exceptional specic capacity of ca. 304 mA h g -1 but also reduces rate of capacity degradation owing to the formation of SEI by controlling the side reaction which in turn inhibits volume variation and material degradation.
In this study, we report a strategy to achieve an unprecedented rate performance of aqueous Na-ion batteries through a two-pronged approach: realizing fast redox kinetics of an organic electrode that features remarkable structural flexibility and a non-diffusion controlled enolization redox chemistry (CQO 2 C-O À ); and improving bulk ion transport and Na + desolvation at the electrode-electrolyte interface through designing a modified aqueous electrolyte composed of weakly solvated molecules.
Since the operating voltage is strongly related to the covalency of the Mn-O bonds, the redox couple around 2.15 V for both materials can be attributed to a Mn 4+ rich environment whereas the redox pair at 1.95 V exclusively shown in Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 might stem from the more covalent nature of Mn 3+ in accordance with the increased concentration of Mn 3+ in this compound. 32,33 The rate performance of Air-Na0.67Mg0.2Mn0.8O2 was further investigated, fixing the voltage window at 1.8-3.8 V.
A 0.8 M solution of sodium hexafluorophosphate (NaPF 6 ) dissolved in a mixture (1:1, v/v) of ethylene carbonate (EC) and propylene carbonate (PC), with 5 wt.% of fluoroethylene carbonate (FEC) and 1 wt.% of tris(trimethylsilyl)phosphite (TMSP) additives, and 1.3 M of lithium hexafluorophosphate (LiPF 6 ) dissolved in a mixture (3:2:5, v/v/v) of ethylene carbonate, ethyl methyl carbonate (EMC), and diethyl carbonate (DEC) were used as electrolytes for Na-ion and Li-ion half-cells, respectively.
The GCD proles of various electrodes at 20 mA g -1 are composed of a sloping region and a plateau region (Fig. 3c andS4c †), which are typical characteristics of hard carbon materials. 33 The sloping region corresponds to the adsorption/ desorption of Na + on the isolated graphene layers and active sites, while the plateau region is assigned to the (de)insertion of Na + in expanded graphitic layers and pore lling, 15 demonstrating the existence of three different sodium ion storage mechanisms.
In parallel, it is considered that the electrochemical and mechanical properties of the electrolyte would be further improved by forming a dual-network cross-linked hydrogel. 10 A few cathode materials including vanadium-or manganesebased oxides/suldes, 11,12 organic materials, 13,14 and Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) 15,16 have been reported in AZIBs. 17 PBA materials have a typical formula of A x M[N(CN) 6 ] y $nH 2 O where A presents alkaline metal ions and M and N present transition metals.
The sloping region in the ''house of cards/intercalation-adsorption'' model corresponds to the Na + insertion between graphene layers. 68,70 The adsorption-intercalation model explains the sloping region as a result of adsorption at defects/heteroatoms. 59,95 The amorphous structure of hard carbon with defects like edge hexagonal carbon fragments and heteroatoms (O/N/H) results in many storage sites and the broad distribution of binding energy forming the voltage slope when bound to a metal ion.
In addition, the effective retention of nitrogen in NPNHC-T1200 enhances the contents of pyrrolic N, pyridinic N, and graphitic N, providing abundant active sites for reversible sodium storage, suppressing irreversible reactions, and thus contributing to the synergistic improvement of capacity retention and structural stability. 53,54 To further investigate the electrochemical behavior of the carbon spheres in sodium-ion batteries, EIS measurements are conducted on both the PNHC and NPNHC series.
Thus, the impressive sodium storage properties of the CityU-26-based anode are attributed to the nanobelt construction and the incorporation of TTF-py, which provides sulfur atoms as active sites for Na ion storage. 41,42 The high electron cloud density of sulfur atoms should give rise to the accumulation of Na ions around sulfur In summary, we have developed a 1D single-crystal nanobelt CityU-26 through the slow evaporation of the solution mixture containing TTF-py and BACT at high temperatures.
However, likely due to the mismatch in size between Mn 4+ (0.53 Å) and Na + (1.02 Å), the Na counterpart Na 2 MnO 3 is yet to be synthesised. 97 Additionally, in contrast to the Li series, formation of O 2 nÀ species via anionic redox processes for Na 2 Ru 1Ày Sn y O 2 (y > 0.5) is followed by the irreversible loss of O 2 . 98 Existing investigations into anion redox activity in positive electrodes for lithium-ion batteries provide a good foundation for exploration of ARR in sodium-ion batteries.
In contrast, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), which utilize abundant sodium resources, present a viable alternative to new energy storage systems. SIBs that employ Prussian blue analogues (PBAs) and transition metal layered oxides as cathodes are widely adopted because of their high theoretical specic capacity, low cost, and simple preparation method. PBAs cathode systems have been extensively studied by many world-renowned SIB companies such as Natron Energy (US), Altris (SE), HiNa, CATL (CN), etc.
Thus, after the 5 th formation cycle (Figure 4B), MFC-C and CS-C show a similar discharge behavior (i.e., a sloping potential region above 0.1 V and a plateau region below 0.1 V) but the lower CE of MFC-C over all the formation cycles (cycled at In conclusion, two different structures of cellulose, i.e., cotton snippets (CS) and microfibrillated cellulose (MFC) were used to prepare hard carbons and understand the differences in terms of their microstructure as well as electrochemical performance.
A few relevant pyrosilicates, such as Na 2 Mn 2 Si 2 O 7 and Na 2 Zn 2 Si 2 O 7 were reported more than ve decades ago; they were synthesized hydrothermally under alkaline conditions at both high pressures and high temperatures. 21 We speculate here that this family of compounds could provide new opportunities in terms of cost-effective and environmentally sustainable materials for both Li-and Na-ion secondary batteries through careful control of composition, particle size and conductive coating.
To avoid the extra mixing process, simplify the battery fabrication process and increase the energy density of the full battery, a freestanding carbon electrode is highly desirable. Another problem of hard carbon anode is the low initial Coulombic efficiency (<50%) caused by the formation of solid electrolyte interface (SEI) and irreversibly Na + trap in the graphene layers and defect sites, 29 which result in an irreversible loss of sodium ions and a waste of cathode material in the full battery.
Hard carbon, which is formed by short-range turbo static structures, has shown high capacity as an anode for SIBs in recent years. Biomass, which is abundant and renewable, provides a low-cost and environmental friendly hard carbon precursor for SIB anodes. There are several mechanisms for the storage of sodium ion in hard carbon anode, for example, intercalation between short-range graphene layers 28,29 , nanopore filling 30,31 and chemisorption on surface heteroatoms 32 or structure defects 33 .
The minimum energy migration paths in 80°, 90°and 180°were determined by the Climbing Image Nudged Elastic Band (CI-NEB) method with ve interpolated images. The KMC method was used to simulate the macroscopic sodium ion long-range transport in the NaSICONs by evaluating large stochastic ensembles of sodium ion jumps. 55,57,108,110 According to transition state theory, the ionic jump is dened by the energy wells of its stable initial and nal state, which are separated by an energy barrier E mig .
However, compared to lithium, the Na + exhibits a smaller Stokes radius of 4.6 Å in propylene carbonate (PC) versus The strategic advantages of mixed-phosphate polyanionic cathodes compared to ortho-and pyro-phosphate frameworks. (e) An overview of the individual advantages and limitations of Fe and Mn, and how their appropriate combination can overcome respective challenges in sodium-ion batteries. 4.8 Å for Li + [see Fig. 1(a)], offering an advantage in ionic mobility within liquid electrolytes .
R e is the internal resistance of the as-assembled sodium-ion battery, R f and CPE 1 are associated with the resistance and constant phase element of the SEI film corresponding to the highfrequency semicircle, R ct and CPE 2 are corresponding to the charge-transfer resistance and constant phase element of the electrode/electrolyte interface (the semicircle in the mediumfrequency region), and Z W represents the Warburg impedance corresponding to the sodium-diffusion process (the inclined line area).
Further rGO induces an increased porosity and high surface area of the composite material 37,38 which can facilitate transport of solvated Na-ion through the electrode, as a result of which, Na + can reach each part of electrode materials. rGO can also act as a mechanical buffer to ensure that no change in the electronic connectivity of MoS 2 nanoflowers occurs due to the volume change encountered during sodiation/desodiation and helps to maintain the structural integrity of the composite electrode.
During this stage, sodium ions begin to migrate through the pre-formed SEI layer, but the system exhibits relatively high impedance due to interfacial resistance and transport limitations. 13,38 To resolve the overlapping kinetic contributions in this region, we employed distribution of relaxation times (DRT) analysis, which deconvolutes electrochemical impedance spectra into discrete relaxation processes characterized by specific time constants. 39 As shown in Fig. 1d, the DRT profile at 2.0 V (vs.
Cations and anions with amount of heterogeneity could be manifested in ionic liquids (ILs), which offers huge possibilities for adjusting their natures that involved with the viscosity, melting point, and electrochemical window in these elements.The latest research refer to the IL electrolytes for sodium-ion batteries lays a concentration on the imidazolium and pyrrolidinium (Pyr+) cations, and also combining with bis(trifluoromethanesulfonyl)imide (TFSI-) and bis(fluorosulfonyl)imide (FSI-) anions.
One thing that needs to be emphasized is that the sluggish reaction kinetics and large voltage hysteresis of transition metal fluoride cathodes always lead to low energy conversion efficiency and insufficient output power, which is detrimental to their competitiveness. Fluorinated polyanionic cathode materials have received particular attention in SIBs due to their superiority of high operating voltage compared to the commonly studied layered transition metal oxides and Prussian blue analog cathodes.
Carbon material is a dominant electrode material for electrochemical energy storage device due to its desirable electrochemical attributes and low cost. 14, Among various types of 4 carbon materials, hard carbon shows attractive electrochemical features as an anode for SIBs, including considerable reversible capacity (200-300 mAh g -1 ) and low operating potential (the average is 0.3 V versus Na + /Na). However, the issue of low initial coulombic efficiency (CE) for hard carbon needs to be addressed.
Even though a quasi-solidstate Na-air cell, which has a Nasicon SE with anolyte and an ionic liquid gel electrolyte, was recently reported 19 , there have not been any reports yet on the all-solid-state Na-O 2 /air batteries in part because of difficulties in their fabrication, and high interfacial resistance in using oxide-based solid electrolytes caused by the lack of a triple phase boundary (TPB), which is an active reaction area between a gas (air), an electronic conductor, and an ionic conductor.
The as-prepared sodium ion battery delivers outstanding electrochemical performance and ultrahigh stability, achieving a remarkable specific capacity of 598 mAh g -1 , long-term cycling stability up to 1000 cycles, and an excellent rate performance even at a high current density up to 10 A g -1 . odium ion batteries (SIBs), as one of the most promising candidates among next-generation energy storage systems, have attracted tremendous interest due to sodium's natural abundance and ready accessibility .
• The capacity fading mechanism of the conventional Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 //Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP//NVP) cell has been investigated. • All-solid-state ferroelectric-engineered composite electrolyte could improve the electrolyte-electrode interfacial stability as well as the interfacial ion conduction of the Na-ion battery using the NVP anode. • Outstanding cyclic stability has been achieved in the all-solid-state Na-ion battery using the NVP anode, with a capacity fading rate as low as 0.005% per cycle.
The activation energy for sodium ion-conduction, which can be estimated from the total energy difference between the minimum and cubic centre, was 0.19 eV. it is much smaller than our designed sodium ion conductor such as na x Al 1-x/3 (Cn) 3 (0.71 eV) . it is concluded that sodium ion-conduction easily occurs. it is because the steric repulsion between sodium ion and others becomes smaller, due to the smaller sodium ionic radius (1.16Å) . orbital and cyano-ligand in MO139α, MO139β, MO140α and MO140β.
These HCs possess a larger interplanar spacing between the distorted planes compared to graphite and (ultra-)microporosity to enhance the diffusion-controlled sodium storage mechanism, which is a key feature for the existence of a substantial plateau capacity to achieve a high energy density in full batteries. The careful chemical and structural design of HCs is of paramount importance to improve the initial coulombic efficiency (ICE), cycling stability, and rate capability of this class of materials.
In PIBs, the hard carbon with micro-spherical architecture also plays a crucial role in increasing the rate capability, capacity retention, and initial coulombic efficiency with an improved potassium adsorption capability. 83,85,92,109,110 However, hard and soft carbons with different morphologies are limited by the sizeable irreversible loss and low capacity retention in PIBs. 111,112 Zelang and co-workers 36 reported the micro-spherical hard carbon from glucose (Fig. 9a) via the hydrothermal method.
The Na Super Ionic CONductor (NaSICON) is a ceramic ion conductor with a nominal composition of Na 1+x Zr 2 P 3Àx Si x O 12 known to selectively transport Na + at high rates (>10 À3 S cm À1 at room temperature) through atomic channels formed between zirconia octahedra and phosphate or silica tetrahedra within its crystal structure. As a class of materials, NaSICONs are regarded for their compositional exibility, accommodating numerous variations of chemical composition and crystallographic structure.
The theoretical capacities for Na-ion storage in SnSb is 752 mA h g À1 based on the formation of Na 3.75 Sn and Na 3 Sb. 13 An important challenge facing SnSb alloy anode is the severe volume change during cycling, resulting in pulverization of the active material, unstable solid-electrolyte interphase and peeling off of the active material from the current collector. 20 These issues can greatly inuence the electrochemical performance of the anodes and have considerably restricted their practical use.
These models have previously been used to study sodium adsorption and migration at defect sites, 55 and to study sodium intercalation Energy & Environmental Science Paper and migration as a function of interlayer distance. 40,56 The sodium binding energy, E b , was calculated according to eqn : 57 where, E Bulk+xNa is the total energy of the systems with x Na added Na, E Bulk is the total energy of the systems without Na, x Na is the number of added Na, and E Na is the total energy of one ionic sodium.
Peaks in the range of 288.29-289.74 eV correspond to the C]O groups of sodium alkyl carbonate (NaCO 3 R) and sodium carbonate (Na 2 CO 3 ), while a peak at approximately 286.33 eV is attributed to C-O compounds, found in sodium alkoxides and polyethylene glycol (PEG). The formation of sodium alkyl carbonate and sodium carbonate results from dimethyl carbonate (DMC) reduction, and PEG polymers are formed by both ethylene carbonate (EC) ring opening with further polymerization and DMC decomposition (Fig.
Nevertheless, our calculated D Li and D Na are consistent with available observed values for LiFePO 4 and related Na-ion cathode materials. Analysis of the MD results indicate two main points: rst, Naion diffusion coefficients are predicted to be higher than Li-ion diffusion coefficients in the olivine system, in line with the calculated difference in the absolute values between Na-ion and Li-ion migration barriers (Fig. 4); second, the application of tensile strain increases the alkali-ion diffusion.
In addition, the Na-ion battery technology resembles closely the already commercialized Li-ion batteries in terms of working principles and processing, hence they can share the same manufacturing lines and equipment. 3 However, Na-ion batteries currently have lower energy densities compared to Li-ion batteries, which limits their widespread applications. 4 Thus, ongoing research is focused on improving the performance of Na-ion batteries, including the development of better cathode and anode materials.
The rapid growth in global interest in renewable and sustainable energy, including solar, wind, and tidal power, has promoted research on high-performance, environmentally friendly, and cost-effective electrical energy storage systems. 1 Na-ion batteries are being considered as good candidates for a new generation of rechargeable energy storage devices owing to the natural abundance of sodium in the earth's crust compared with lithium resources, which are scarce and distributed non-uniformly worldwide.
After 150 cycles at 0.2 A g À1 , the SbPO 4 /BC x electrode shows 78.2% capacity retention and exhibits a reversible capacity of 410 mA h g À1 , much higher than 64.5% (270 mA h g À1 ) of Sb/BC x , 56.2% (200 mA h g À1 ) of Sb/C and 4.7% (28 mA h g À1 ) of Sb, which indicates that the conversion of Sb to SbPO 4 over Sb/BC x induced a sharp increase in sodium storage capacity and enhanced cycling stability, originating from the stable PO 4 3À anions as buffers to alleviate the volume change upon cycling.
Furthermore, cathodes with high operating voltages are necessary for the development of highenergy-density sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), although the cycling stability of cathodes is still a pressing issue 3 .Therefore, how to reinforce the structure of layered oxides upon electrochemical insertion/ extraction processes and restrain phase transitions to achieve high structural stability, rapid Na + diffusion, and predominant comprehensive electrochemical performance has led to enormous research interest.
While NaNM holds signicant potential as a SIB cathode material, addressing these challenges through further material optimization is crucial for its practical application in commercial energy storage solutions. 20 In response to the shortcomings of NaNM, several strategies have been suggested, including those involving surface coatings, ion substitution, and modications to the structure of crystals. Among these strategies, ion substitution has shown promising potential for improving material stability.
See Stationary energy storage systems based on sustainable batteries will be key to widespread implementation of renewable energy systems at grid scale. Lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) currently dominate the rechargeable battery market, however the limited global Li reserves, high cost, safety and sustainability issues of the chemistry make them less suitable for stationary storage applications. 4 As such, other technologies based on more abundant elements such as Na-ion batteries (SIBs) are more appealing.
The most important aspect of this structure is the octahedron shape of the CoFe 2 O 4 particle, which is between 1.1 and 3.6 mm in size and can provide sites for reaction with Na-ions. 43 The unique structure of the octahedron CoFe 2 O 4 particle notably enhanced the electrochemical performance of CoFe 2 O 4 , with a high initial discharge capacity of 839 mA h g -1 and capacity retention of 98 mA h g -1 at 0.1 A g -1 aer 100 cycles, indicating the remarkable potential of CoFe 2 O 4 as an anode material.
However, the low initial coulombic efficiency (ICE), an intrinsic problem of anode materials, is generally ignored by researchers but seriously impedes the improvement of the energy density of SIBs. 13,14 The low ICE signies that a large number of active sodium ions are irreversibly consumed to form a solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) layer on the anode during the rst cycle. 15 This adverse effect is not as strongly felt in half cells, since the Na metal counter electrode can provide ample Na sources.
It is assumed that Fick's second law is followed by sodium diffusion in the electrode, and the sodium ion diffusion coefficient (D Na ) was measured using eqn : where: s ¼ current pulse time interval, m B ¼ active mass of electrode material (grams), V M ¼ molar volume (cm 2 s À1 ), M B ¼ molecular weight (g mol À1 ), S ¼ effective surface area (cm 2 ), DE s ¼ change in the steady-state potential for the step at the plateau, DE s ¼ total change in the cell potential during the current pulse for the time s.
By virtue of the superior Na-ion storage capability of MoSe 2 , good electronic conductivity of MoO 2 and carbon, and the unique embedding-type structure in which the surrounding MoO 2 and carbon phases can preserve the structural stability of MoSe 2 , the ternary heterophases exhibit excellent rate behavior (a Na-ion storage capacity of 461 mA h g À1 at an extremely high current density of 70 A g À1 ) and outstanding long-term cycling performance, maintaining a capacity of 610 mA h g À1 aer 1000 cycles.
To have a deeper understanding of low-temperature sodium-ion batteries, this paper systematically summarizes the recent development of low-temperature sodium-ion batteries, together with the development status of liquid electrolytes and solid electrolytes, as well as the performance improvement of low-temperature sodium-ion batteries. (Figure 1) In the wide range of research practicing on ionic liquids (ILs), where cations and anions could be integrated in a incomparable method, and being tight-consisted.
Various solid electrolytes can be utilised in SIBs, with the most prominent being the sodium super-ionic conductor (NASICON). 4,5 NASICON-based solid electrolytes allow the scalability of SIBs due to their low cost of manufacturing and high ionic conductivity at ambient temperature, and the incorporation of dopants allows further improvements. 6,7 Although NASICON is a promising solid electrolyte, the electrochemical stability at the alkali metal anode|solid electrolyte interface needs to be investigated.
• A molecular-sieving electrode coating towards low-concentrated aqueous sodium-ion batteries is constructed by applying a composite of NaX zeolite and NaOH-neutralized Nafion. • Resulting from a molecular sieving effect of zeolite channels and size-shrunken ionic domains in Nafion, the as-prepared coating layer reject hydrated Na + ions and allow fast dehydrated Na + permeance. • 200 cycles of Na 2 MnFe(CN) 6 //NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 full cells can be achieved in a practically feasible 2 m aqueous electrolyte.
To understand the fundamental reason for the high stability, the redox reaction mechanism upon Na-insertion/desertion was investigated through X-ray absorption fine edge structure (XANES) at the Fe K-edge which provides oxidation state and local structure information. It is natural that the Na-ion insertion/extraction will result in the oxidation state of Fe in the PBA framework to change. 26,31,35 In the fully-filled framework, Prussian white (Na2Fe[Fe(CN)6]), the theoretical oxidation state of Fe is 2+.
However, the peak area for each atomic pair didn't vary significantly, suggesting the local structure with atomic coordination number didn't change. 45,46 Moreover, the reversible evolution of the atomic pair distance as well as peak intensity for in situ PDF during the charging and discharging processes is an indicative of a stable local structure evolution during redox reaction, where insertion and extraction of Na-ions into/from interlayer regions didn't cause the irreversible changes of local structure.
Most of the previous reports, MoS 2 nanoflowers were prepared by hydrothermal synthesis route, result in formation of MoS 2 with particle size ranges between 500 nm to 3 μ m with lattice fringes thickness ≥ 12 nm .Therefore it is obvious that for sodium battery application, those bigger particle will significantly increase the Na-ion diffusion path and thick MoS 2 plates will suffer from more internal strain during reaction with sodium, leading to cracking of material, hence poor electrochemical performance.
Several studies focus on carbon-based materials as an alternative for graphite anodes, as they are used successfully in LIBs. 7,8 Hard carbon, the most widespread carbonaceous material in NIBs, can only achieve a capacity of up to 300 mA h g À1 because of pseudocapacitive Na + -ion surface adsorption. Other intercalation materials like Li 4 Ti 5 O 12 , TiO 2 , 17 and Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 (ref. 18) are well known for their high structural stability, which enables high reversibility during sodiation and de-sodiation.
To enhance the redox activities especially the pseudocapacitive charge storage, several strategies have been applied to modify the structures of layered electrode materials including birnessite, such as designing electrodes with highly exposed facets active for Na-ion transport 11 , introducing oxygen vacancies for a larger interlayer spacing and a faster pseudocapacitive charge storage 12 , or generating synergistic phase-segregated electrodes with electrically-conductive and ion-transport-active phases 13 .
Although, all the synthesized HCs possessed sufficient interlayer distance (d 002 > 0.35 nm) for Na + into the hard carbon structure, the pre-oxidized sample (HC-150-1300 °C) possessed the highest average interlayer spacing of 0.383 nm while the pre-pyrolyzed sample possessed the interlayer spacing of 0.380 nm with the control sample having Fig. 2 (a-c) SEM and (d-i) TEM images showing the effect of different pre-treatment conditions on the morphology of the synthesized HCs. an interlayer spacing of 0.378 nm.
Other group reported that LiF was detected on the surface of lithium metal immersed in [C 3 C 1 pyrr][FSA] ionic liquid by X-ray diffraction. 30 Recently, our group also investigated the stability of sodium metal in imidazolium-based ionic liquids, and proved the formation of NaF on the surface of sodium metal immersed in Na[TFSA]-[C 2 C 1 im][TFSA] ionic liquid. 31 Thus, NaF is one of the most probable compounds in the SEI layer in the present study using Na[FSA]-[C 3 C 1 pyrr][FSA] ionic liquid electrolyte.
MoS 2 -carbon composites achieve an impressive practical capacity of 510 mAh/g, however, the capacity retention suffers after only 100 cycles. 33 CuS microflowers exhibit a lower capacity (326 mAh/g), they boast a remarkable cycling lifetime of 5000 cycles, ascribed to their novel nanostructuring and the weakness of M-S bonds compared to M-O bonds. 34 However, despite this impressive performance, scaling up such a complex nanostructure for implementation in an affordable Na-ion battery is not straightforward.
Phase compositions of samples were characterized by using X-ray diffraction (XRD, Bruker D8 advance with Cu Ka radiation). 2025 coin cells were adopted to measure electrochemical performances of all the samples, whereas sodium metal was used as the counter and reference electrodes. 75 wt% active materials, 15 wt% Ketjen black (type: EC-600JD) and 10 wt% poly (vinylidene uoride) binder was dispersed in N-methyl-2pyrrolidone to form slurries, which were casted on Al foil and dried at 110 °C overnight in vacuum.
For aqueous electrolyte-based rechargeable sodium-ion electrode materials, it is necessary to detect the kind of ion (sodium or hydrogen) involved in the redox process (insertion and de-insertion), where one should consider the Nernst law that states that redox reactions are always influenced by the formal potential (E f = E pa -E pc /2, where E pa and E pc are the anodic and cathodic peak potentials, respectively) of the system depending on the activity of the sodium ion, as represented in the below equation.
To highlight the technical signicance of the observed FEE characteristics, FEE characteristics of similar 2D layered emitters are compared and shown in Table S1. † According to these reports, the observed FEE performance (turn-on and maximum current density) is comparable to other 2D layered emitters, such as WS 2 , VS 2 , ReS 2 , and MoS 2 . 6,51-56 The electrochemical performance of MS-H and MS-T electrodes was evaluated using a 2032 half-cell conguration with sodium metal as a counter/reference electrode.
The rst publication about Na 2 TP demonstrated a high reversible capacity of 250 mA h g À1 and good cyclability, 24 resembling the crystal structure and electrochemical properties of lithium terephthalate (Li 2 C 8 H 2 O 6 , Li 2 TP). 16 However, due to the intrinsic poor conductivity of organic materials, they usually suffer from poor rate capability for sodium storage. 20 In this paper, bare Na 2 TP was synthesized from low-cost terephthalic acid, which is commonly used as a precursor for the polyester PET.
Electrolyte systems represent perhaps the most critical limitation for low-temperature SIB operation 10,53 for three reasons: governing free ion concentration and mobility, which dictates overall electrolyte conductivity; determining the composition of the cathode/solid electrolyte interphase (CEI/SEI) through decomposition products, thereby controlling interphase resistance; and regulating solvent-cation interactions, which directly influence the de-solvation energy barrier during interfacial charge transfer.
The opposite basal and Bragg diffraction peak shifting has been commonly observed during the intercalation and deintercalation of charge carriers into layered electrode materials. 44 It suggested that the insertion of positively charged Na-ions into the interlayer regions led to a decreased interlayer distance due to the increased electrostatic interaction between Ni 4+ to Ni 3+ and of Mn 4+ to Mn 3+ upon discharging increased the metal-oxygen bond length since reduced ions have larger radii than oxidized ones.
The fully sodium storage phase of borophene should meet the following four conditions: (a) it should have maximum sodium concentration; (b) the average adsorption energy for the sodium atom should be less than zero; (c) there should be no sodium atom extrusion out of the borophene surface; (d) there should be no irreversible deformation of the structure of borophene. 40,49 Interestingly, sodium atoms can reside almost anywhere in the furrows of borophene with a negligible adsorption energy difference (<0.01 eV).
A Molten Sodium Battery at 110 o C Evaluating Initial Long Shelf-Life Performance The AlCl 3 -based salt attacks the typically inert fluorinated gasket! • Shift of Zr peaks to higher BE consistent with formation of F -bonds. • Broadening of peaks after cycling is indicative of changes to chemical environment. • Largest F peaks match BEs of F-Si-Zr-O compounds 1 with additional small metal fluoride peak. • Quantification shows increase in F concentration at the NaSICON surface after cycling (1 at % to 7 at %). 1.
To date, several sodium uorophosphates have been investigated as possible cathodes of a Na-ion battery: NaVPO 4 F, Na 3 V 2 O 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F, Na 3 V 2 O 2X (PO 4 ) 2 F 3À2X , Na 2 MPO 4 F [M ¼ Fe, Mn & Co], Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 , Na 3 V 2 O 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F, and Li 1.1 Na 0.4 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 . Among these, Na 3 V 2 O 2X (PO 4 ) 2 F 3À2X is particularly attractive because of its high theoretical capacity (130 mA h g À1 ), with two Na + per formula unit and high structural stability (<2% volume change during cycling).
Here, we use NaMnO 4 as the source of Na, Mn, and O, since NaMnO 4 can react with Ni at a Ni-to-NaMnO 4 molar ratio of 1 : 2 to form NNMO with the overall reaction as shown in eqn : The initial stage of the reaction in eqn involves the thermal decomposition of NaMnO 4 to form MnO 2 between 120-180 °C and Na 2 MnO 3 between 540-580 °C, both of which are stable in air. 26 The major challenge of using metallic Ni as a precursor arises from the limited diffusion of Na and Mn species into the core of the Ni particles.
Recent attention to NIBs has led to many new designs for electrode materials being reported and proposed. 14,15) In order to construct a high performance Na-ion full cell, extensive investigation of electrode materials for sodium ion batteries has to be carried out not only various transition metal oxides and phosphates as cathode materials, but also candidate anode materials. 16) Graphite has remained the most commonly used anode for Li-ion batteries since Sony and Asahi Kasei released the first commercial LIBs.
This is of particular relevance considering the requirements stated in the EU chemicals strategy for sustainability towards a toxic-free environment, the OECD guidance for the identification and selection of safer chemicals and the requirements for battery labeling as defined in the new EU battery regulation. The goal of this work was to identify hazards and toxicity hotspots within a sustainable-by-design approach considering current regulations for emerging SIB CAM using a set of different complementary methods.
SIBs have been back in the spotlight of the people and have evolved rapidly since the 2010s because of their attractive advantages: there is an abundance of Na resources on the Earth ; Na + ions have a fast diffusion in the solid phase, making a superior performance of SIBs; Al foil as the current collector in SIB anodes not only can reduce the price, but also can reduce the battery mass and over-discharge problems for providing safe battery shipping ; and the cathode has high safety even in highly charged states.
With horizontally polarized t-BTO, the deposition direction of lithium preferentially changed from vertical to lateral. 17 In PIBs, there are only a few papers using ferroelectric particles in separators or solid electrolytes to enhance ion migration. 18,19 Wang et al. used ferroelectric particles in the separator to regulate potassium ion deposition in anode-free PIBs. 19 However, there is no report on the regulation of potassium ion kinetics inside the hard carbon anode, which could be more direct and effective.
Na/ Na + due to the oxidizing nature of ClO 4 À anions. Additionally, nitrogen atoms lower the energy barrier and can catalyse ClO 4 À degradation. 66,67 The effect of nitrogen-induced electrolyte oxidation above 4.2 V was also observed in the mesoporous graphene cathode for Na-ions. 37 These results point toward a scenario where above 4.2 V, irreversible oxidation of the electrolyte limits the cycle life of the cell, a phenomenon that is more pronounced in the rGO_2 electrode, which has a higher nitrogen content.
On the other hand, carbon based materials, and especially hard carbons, deliver good reversible capacity by intercalation or adsorption of sodium ions at different structural features. Hard carbons obtained by pyrolysis of biomass are promising sustainable options as anode materials. 15,16 Cellulose-derived hard carbon can deliver a good capacity of 339 mA h g À1 at 50 mA g À1 and respectable capacity retention of 88% over 300 cycles. 17 However, higher capacities are needed to increase the specific energy of SIBs.
In this regard, commercially produced carbon, including rened graphite or amorphous carbon, are expensive owing to the high grade of purity and processing required. 23 Carbon nanoparticles generated during the burning of candle wax, known as soot nanoparticles (SN), are considered a pollutant. 25,26 However, recently Mao et al. 27 showed that candle soot nanoparticles might be useful in battery applications, because they comprise amorphous hard carbons 28,29 and their fabrication is straightforward and economical.
The larger radius of the Na + ion than the Li + ion (∼1.4 times) and the high value of rst ionization energy (495.8 kJ mol -1 ) lead to major differences, such as poor cycling stability and slow kinetics of the intercalation process, and the distance between the layers/holes inside the structure of host materials must be capable of transferring sodium ions in/out. 11 In Li-ion batteries, the most common negative electrode is graphite with a layer distance suitable for intercalating the Li + ions (r Li + = 0.76 A).
When the graphite-like BC 3 structure was used as the anode material for sodium ion batteries, the sodium ions could effectively intercalate this structure with the maximum concentration, and this unique structure has a much lower potential barrier, which would boost the sodium transportation and create much faster ion diffusion kinetics in the electrode. 35,39 The microporous characteristics of the SbPO 4 /BC x composite were evaluated through the N 2 adsorption/desorption isotherm analysis (the inset of Fig. 4f).
The team is interested in continuing to design flame-retardant electrolytes. "We have solved the compatibility issue of non-flammable electrolytes with carbon-based anodes but compared with commercial electrolytes, the ionic conductivity is still low," concludes Fang. "Our next goal is to design electrolytes with high ionic conductivity and good electrochemical compatibility that are fully flame retardant to realize a new generation of sodium-ion batteries with high-rate capacity and safety performance." Jet-Sing M.
The diffusion coefficient (D) of sodium ions inside the electrodes was calculated based on the EIS spectra in the low-frequency region according to the following equations: Where R is the gas constant, T is the absolute temperature, A is the electrode area, n is the number of electrons per molecule during oxidization (for sodium ions, value is 1), F is the Faraday constant, C is the initial concentration (mol cm -3 ) and σ represents the Warburg factor, which is relative to Zw according to the second equation above.
The perfect match of the CV potentials are noted, and the diffusion process is analysed using the Randles-Sevcik equation, as shown in Eq. 3: where i p is the peak current (A), n is the number of electrons transferred in the redox reaction, F is the Faraday constant (96485 C/mol), A is the area of the working electrode (1.13 cm 2 ), C is the sodium-ion concentration in the electrode, D is the diffusion co-efficient, v is the scan rate, R is the gas constant, and T is the temperature (Kelvin) (Sandford et al., 2019).
The thermodynamically stable form of NaFePO 4 (Fig. 10b) exists as the maricite structure, but this is, however, electrochemically inactive due to the lack of a Na diffusion channel compared to the olivine counterpart. 97 Metastable olivine NaFePO 4 has been reported to have been obtained through a delithiation of LiFePO 4 into heterosite structured FePO 4 , before electrochemical sodiation to yield NaFePO 4 . 98 The reversible intercalation for olivine NaFePO 4 differs from that of its olivine LiFePO 4 counterpart.
To improve the rate capability of electrode materials, many strategies such as designing carbon nanocomposite and doping with foreign atoms (N, S, Sn, et al.) have been introduced, as the introduction of carbon additive and foreign atom can enhance electron transport. For example, Henry et al. introduced anatase TiO 2 @C nanocomposites by pyrolysis of cellulose. 11 These composites with improved electrical contact and faster electron/ion transfer show better lithium/sodium storage properties than pure TiO 2 samples.
The same explanation holds true for the present aqueous sodium-ion system, because sodium-ion activity in concentrated 17 m NaClO 4 aq. electrolyte is higher than in diluted 1 m electrolyte, according to a previous report. 29 On the NMHCF cathode side, two pairs of ox./red. peaks were observed the first peak at 0.64/0.51 V derived from Fe 3+ /Fe 2+ , the second peak at 1.20-1.37/1.03 V Electrochemistry, 85, 179-185 derived from Mn 3+ /Mn 2+ , and a very small third lone peak at 1.49 V derived from the O 2 evolution.
Unlike lithiation, the sodiation of graphite is not yet an attractive option as an electrochemical process on the anode side of sodium batteries due to weaker covalent interactions between sodium and graphite. 2 This led to the exploration of alternative anode materials, especially non-graphitisable carbons, so-called "hard carbons". 3 The structure of these carbons can be described by the "Falling Cards Model", 4 where cards represent graphitic sheets that upon "falling" do not perfectly stack on top of each other.
Latterly, the cost of lithium has been escalating rapidly, owing to the irregular circulation of worldwide lithium reserves. 6 To address this challenge, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have become a progressively more appealing option to LIBs in EESs because of their low cost and elongated lifecycle. 7,8 Besides, the chemical attributes of sodium show similar properties and comparing its source, sodium has more plentiful sources than lithium, and thus different types of cathode materials have been contemplated for SIBs.
Our systematic and comprehensive study reveals that even a very small amount of Mg substitution has a strong effect on the Table 1 Summary of the diffusion parameters extracted from the m + SR data: activation energy (E a ), pre-exponential factor (A), w 2 (goodness of the Arrhenius fit, i.e., eqn , to n(T)), Na + -ion-hopping rate (n at T = 25 1C) and self-diffusion coefficient ( m D J Na at T = 25 1C) x = 0 x = 0.02 x = 0.05 x = 0.07 S3 of the ESI. † overall performance of P2-type Na 0.5 Mg x Ni 0.17Àx Mn 0.83 O 2 .
The heat effects of the phase transitions in NASICON were previously investigated with DSC measurements in several studies, where DSC shows a distinct peak at z160 °C (z433 K) for Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 , 72 at z150 °C (z423 K) for Na 3.4 Zr 2 Si 2.4 P 0.6 O 12 (ref. 73) and at z140 °C (z413 K) for Na 3.12 Zr 1.88 Y 0.12 Si 2 PO 12 . 73 The peaks were reproducible for both heating and cooling and were attributed to the second-order phase transition, which is close to the reported structural phase transition temperature.
Based on MOF-5 (Zn 4 O(1,4-benzodicarboxylate) 3 ), Ji's group prepared a cube-shaped porous carbon with abundant micro/mesopores and a large SSA of 2316 m 2 g -1 at a pyrolysis temperature of 1000 °C. 20 Because the abundant micro/mesopores give a substantial contribution to capacity via a surface-based ion storage mechanism, this porous carbon presented a reversible sodium storage capacity of 326 mA h g -1 and maintained a stable capacity over 5000 cycles, showing much better performance than the ZIF-8derived carbon.
However, most layered transition metal oxide-based cathodes in NIBs suffer from time-and energy-consuming synthetic processes and have a moderate cycle life caused by structural degradation, while the presence of interstitial water molecules and defects in Prussian blue analogue channels blocks Na-ion insertion, resulting in reduced capacity, short lifespan, and slow reaction kinetics. 16- 19 Therefore, developing high-performance cathodes for NIBs is vital to achieve next-generation sustainable energy storage systems.
The sodium storage mechanism in hard carbons (HCs) has long been studied due to their potential for commercial-scale sodium-ion batteries (SIBs). These materials feature a localized short-range arrangement, often referred to as a pseudo-graphitic structure, that is rich in defect sites, and forms a large fraction of isolated closed pores. The sodium storage mechanism in hard carbon differs significantly from the lithium storage mechanism in graphite, necessitating unique material properties for being effective in SIBs.
For Na ions, there are three binding sites (Na1, Na2 and Na3) within the tt-NMO structure: one-dimensional small tunnels, which are fully occupied by Na atoms (Na1), and twodimensional S-shaped large tunnels that are partially/half-lled by Na ions (Na2 and Na3 sites). 21,22 Na + ions can reversibly (de)intercalate only through the S-shaped tunnels, conforming to a theoretical specic discharge capacity of 121 mA h g -1 between 2.0 V and 4.0 V, while the sodium ions situated in the one-dimensional tunnels are immobile.
The development of sodium ion batteries (SIBs) has attracted much attention due to the advantage of the low cost of raw materials, critical for applications such as large-scale grid storage systems, and concerns about the long-term sustainability of lithium supply. Numerous anode materials such as metal oxides, sulfides, phosphides and metal alloys have been investigated. 8,9 However, severe volume changes associated with sodiation reactions in conversion materials severely affect the achievable capacity and cycle life.
Evidently, the Ni(OH) 2 @CNTF exhibits much less coverage than that of KNHCF@CNTF, implying that the untreated @CNTF, KNHCF powder, and KNHCF@CNTF at a scan rate of 5 mV s -1 . b GCD curves of KNHCF@CNTF at various current densities from 0.05 to 5.0 A cm -3 . c Comparison of rate performance of KNHCF powder and KNHCF@ CNTF. d CV curves at various scan rates, e corresponding b value, and f long-term cycle stability at 0.8 A cm -3 of the KNHCF@CNTF Ni(OH) 2 @CNTF is virtually incapable of storing and releasing sodium ions.
The abundant Fe 2+ in Prussian blue owns two advantages: stable structure. Rich sodium ion source. 21 According to the above-mentioned results, the formation of Prussian blue of sample-FF can be formulated as: The possible formation mechanism can be explained by the Kirkendall effect as reported before in other cases. 22,23 Due to the smaller size and higher mobility of Fe 2+ , Fe 2+ moves faster than [Fe(CN) 6 ] 2À and [Co(CN) 6 ] 3À when sample-CF reacted with Na 4 Fe(CN) 6 , thus resulting in a hollow morphology. Fig.
This is as much due to a lack of electrode materials matching the electrochemical performance of LIBsin terms of specific capacities and realized cell potential, but also stable and highly conductive electrolytes -reflected in the commercial skepticism towards SIBs until very recently. Investigations of SIB electrode materials are plentiful in the literature, while there are much fewer electrolyte studies made, especially such that take a broader perspective. SIB electrolytes more or less follow suit of LIB electrolytes.
Sodium ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted more attention due to their attractive features, such as high safety, low cost, abundant sodium resources, etc. 6,7 Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP) has been considered as a promising SIB cathode material with an open NASICON framework wherein the sodium ions could diffuse quickly through the interstitial sites reversibly without resulting in a large volume change of the crystalline structure. These features make NVP a very promising potential cathode material for high-performance SIBs.
However, direct ball milling or ultrasonic dispersion of molten sodium metal in mineral oil has proved to be a viable commercial method for pre-sodiating anodes or cathodes, offering compatibility with existing battery manufacturing processes without requiring major modifications. 191 Structural modifications, such as preoxidation to create a flexible and self-supporting HC paper derived from tissue, have improved ICE and enhanced cycling stability at LT in ether electrolyte through the "adsorption-intercalation" process.
The three-stage behavior is consistent with the synergistic sodium storage mechanism involving surface adsorption, interlayer insertion, and pore lling, further con-rming the coexistence of multiple sodium storage pathways in hard carbon and their correlation with the structure-performance relationship. 13,25 Further comparison of the sodium-ion diffusion behavior across the three sodiation stages reveals that the D Na + values of NPNHC-T1200 are signicantly higher than those of PNHC-1200 over the entire voltage range.
The incorporation of heteroatoms is intended to improve electrical conductivity, introduce structural defects, and provide active sites, thereby enhancing specific capacity. 41 Additionally, heteroatom doping of HC lowers resistance for alkaline metal ions and prevents quasi-metallic sodium condensation. 42 Overall, by investigating the sodium storage mechanism within the disordered carbon of this layered NOC 'house of cards' model, we aim to provide critical insights to enhance the understanding and optimization of SIBs.
NASICON pellets were then prepared from these powders, at a range of sintering durations (10, 24 and 40 h) with microstructure, crystalline structure, density and finally electrical performance analyses performed. 1.13 9 10 -3 Solid state with excess sodium 1100 °C for 12 h Kim et al. 1.03 9 10 -3 Solid state 1280 °C for 10 h Naqash et al. 1 9 10 -3 Solution-assisted steady state, 1250 °C for 5 h Naqash et al. 0.71 9 10 -3 Solid state 1250 °C for 10 h Lee et al. 1.8 9 10 -3 Spark plasma sintering at 1200 °C Lee et al. * 0.
Microstructure analyses indicate that the P2-type structure of the pristine oxide has not been changed by CeO 2 surface modication, and a small amount of Ce 4+ ions have been reduced to Ce 3+ ions, and which might have entered the crystal lattice of the P2-oxide during the synthesis. 2.00 wt% CeO 2 -modied Na 0.67 Co 0.25 -Mn 0.75 O 2 exhibits a maximum discharge capacity of 135.93 mA h g À1 with the retention of 91.96% and 83.38% aer 50 and 100 cycles in a voltage range of 2.0-4.0 V at a current density of 20 mA g À1 .
In addition, the long-term stability of BM PBA enabled by the ball-milling processing can be attributed to the slight structure changes of the cubic Na1.17Fe[Fe(CN)6]•0.35H2O upon charging and discharging, as revealed by EXAFS, which is similar to what we found before in Na3Fe3(PO4)4 as anode for ASIB application. 26 In this work, we induced the monoclinic sodium iron hexacyanoferrate (m-Na1.88Fe[Fe(CN)6]•0.7H2O) to a cubic phase (c-Na1.17Fe[Fe(CN)6]•0.35H2O) transition by simple ball milling of the Prussian blue material.
The key challenges mainly contained irreversible phase transitions, highly hygroscopic and insufficient cell performance. (i) Irreversible phase transition: Usually, O3-type materials are accompanied by multi-level irreversible phase changes during the desodiation process, and the large volume changes will trigger the nonuniform accumulation of stress, which eventually lead to microcracks or even fragmentation of the material particles, resulting in more electrolyte attack and a significant decrease in cycling performance.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a promising alternative to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) for large-scale electrical energy storage due to the abundance and low cost of sodium resources. Unfortunately, graphite-based anodes, which are used in commercial LIBs, are unsuitable for SIBs because of the larger ionic radius of Na + (1.02 Å) and its higher ionization potential (-2.71 V vs. standard hydrogen electrode). 5,6 Consequently, developing suitable anode materials is a critical issue for advancing SIB technology.
Kim et al. introduced a novel 4 V class cathode material, Na 7 V 3 (P 2 O 7 ) 4 , having a C2/c space group and capable of providing three sodium ions per formula unit on the basis of three V 3+ /V 4+ redox couple with a theoretical capacity of 80 mAh/g , following the reversible redox reaction outlined below: During the electrochemical testing, the charge and discharge curves, see Fig. 8(j), are obtained at an outstanding 4.13 V with a very minimal polarization gap between them and a specific capacity of 80 mAh/g at 0.1 C.
The overwhelming cycling stability of the P-CoSe 2 @PDA-C NR composite microspheres could be attributed to the following structural benefits: The porous structure accommodated large volumetric deformations during the extended cycling, allowing smooth Na-ion diffusion due to the enhanced electrode wetting or electrolyte penetration; The PDAderived conductive C and NGC coated layer surrounding the active material facilitated the rapid charge transfer during the redox processes by enhancing the overall electrical conductivity.
In accordance with JCPDF Nos. 01-084-1200 (2θ = 13.5 ο ; 27`ο; 19 ο ; 30 ο ; 34 ο ; 46 ο ; 53 ο ) and 01-087-0617 (2θ = 22 ο ; 24 ο ; 31.4 ο ; 33.9 ο ; 46 ο ; 51 ο ), respectively, the dominant structures of the produced NASICON on titanium doping were monoclinic at 0, and 5 % mol and rombhohedral at 1; 2; 3; 4 % mol. as with Ti doping According to JCPDF No. 01-084-1200 and 01-087-0617, respectively, the structure of the produced NASICON on zinc doping was rhombohedral at 1; 2; 3; and 4 % mol and monoclinic at 0 and 5% mol.
3D free-standing nitrogen-doped reduced graphene oxide aerogel as anode material for sodium ion batteries with enhanced sodium storage Jiao Zhang, Chuanqi Li, Zhikun Peng , Yushan Liu, Jianmin Zhang, Zhongyi Liu & Dan Li Sodium ion batteries have drawn extensive attentions for large-scale energy storage to replace lithium ion batteries primarily due to the natural abundance of sodium resource and low cost, but their energy density and electrochemical performance are hindered by the sluggish diffusion kinetics of sodium ion.
Currently, lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) are the leading rechargeable battery technology. 1,2 However, LIBs use resource critical materials, such as lithium and cobalt, which causes concerns regarding their long-term sustainability. Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are a promising post-LIB technology that offer key sustainability advantages. 6,7 In addition to the greater abundance and more even global distribution of sodium deposits, SIBs allow for cobalt-free cathodes to be used, such as NaNi 0.33- Fe 0.33 Mn 0.33 O 2 (NFM111).
This indicates that the FF parameters not only adequately describe the NaSI-CON structure but also capture the interactions between the migrating Na + and both the structural framework and the neighboring Na + , which are crucial for the Na + transport in NaSICONs, as highlighted in our previous studies. 135,136 It is shown that the parameters originally obtained for the training system with the specic composition Na 3 ScZrSiP 2 O 12 can be applied to the entire compositional range of Na 1+x+y Sc y Zr 2-y Si x P 3-x O 12 .
The coating prevents contact between manganese and the external environment, thereby suppressing dissolution of Mn at the electrode/electrolyte interface as well as degradation of the positive electrode material upon cycling. 189 The synergy of Ti 4+ doping and TiO 2 coating has also been reported for the O3-NaMn 0.33 Fe 0.33 Ni 0.33 O 2 composition. 213 The TiO 2 layer mitigates side reactions at the surface, while Ti 4+ doping enlarges the interslab spacing, facilitating sodium ion diffusion. 3.4.3 Metal phosphate coatings.
An extended unit cell parameter in the c-direction accounts for the lower density of the hard carbon compared to graphite (1.52 g cm À3 compared to typical values of 2.26 g cm À3 ). 10,11 This model can account for significant turbostratic disorder in the material, as has been suggested by PDF studies of similar materials. 8,9,12 Real-space least-squares refinements of this graphite-derived model against experimental PDF data are unable to fit the entire r-range of the dataset using a single value for the a-lattice parameter.
However, it is much more challenging to identify promising anode materials for SIBs, compared to LIBs, because sodium has a higher equilibrium potential and a larger ionic size. For example, while graphite, used as anode, played a key role in commercializing LIBs, it has been reported that intercalation of sodium ions into graphite is hindered, so that graphite delivers a much lower capacity when applied to SIB anodes. Recently, there has been a great deal of effort focused on the search for suitable anode materials for SIBs.
The outstanding Na-ion storage performance combined with the sustainable Fig. 7 a Cycling performances of NPC-700, NPC-800, and NPC-900 at a current density of 100 mA/g between 0.005 and 3.0 V versus Na/Na + , b rate performance of NPC-800, c long-term cycle life of NPC-800 at a high current density of 1 A/g, and d impendence spectra of NPC-800 before and after cycling; inset is the equivalent circuit biomass source and scalable synthesis method makes jackfruit rags-derived NPC-800 a potential competitive SIBs anode material.
An O3-P3 phase transformation upon charging, which arises due to the gliding of MO 2 layers (Fig. 5), is commonly observed in O3-type electrode materials. 21 The transformation alters the O3 stacking sequence from .ABCABC., with an octahedral sodium environment, to .AABBCC. with a trigonal prismatic sodium co-ordination environment in the P3-type phase. 44 Consequently, faster diffusion of sodium ions takes place throughout the material because there is a lower activation barrier for migration between adjacent prismatic sites.
For example, Wang et al. found that substitution of a small quantity of oxygen for uorine to form Na 0.65 Mn 0.75 -Ni 0.25 F 0.1 O 1.9 could suppress the P3-O1 transition. 55 A unique feature of the P3-type layered oxides such as Na y -Co 1À2x Ni x Mn x O 2 (x ¼ 1/2, 1/3) is their ability to reversibly intercalate both Na and Li ions. 56 P3-Na 0.67 Ni 1/2 Mn 1/2 O 2 can reversibly intercalate both Na and Li ions whereas the similar P2-Na 0.67 Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 O 2 composition does not display any reversible lithium intercalation.
Given the vast chemical space, fast and efficient computational methods are needed, highlighting the need for machine learning (ML)-guided approaches. to support the ML-driven discovery, we have developed a comprehensive theoretical dataset comprising 113532 DFT-calculated structures with atomic charges and 184612 structures without atomic charges for four polyanion sodium-ion cathode materials: NatMPO 4 (olivine), NatMPO 4 (maricite), Na 2 tMSiO 4 , and Na TM SO ( ) 2.56 1.72 4 3 , with transition metals tM ∈ {Fe, Mn, Co, Ni}.
Overall, it is reported that surface area has a direct relationship with ICE value, which was ranked as the most inuential factor by most of the models, while pyrolysis temperature directly affects the graphitization degree of the carbon materials as reected in their I D /I G . 25 Due to the interrelationships between all the features considered in reversible capacity predictions, it is recommended to take all these into consideration when preparing hard carbons for sodium-ion batteries regardless of their rank in this study.
By correlating the voltage-capacity curve with the XRD patterns (as shown in Fig. 7(b)), the sodium insertion process can be divided into three stages: adsorption, intercalation, and pore lling. 25,55 At the initial stage of sodiation (>0.2 V), the capacity increases rapidly, yet no obvious changes are observed in the diffraction peaks, indicating that sodium ions are primarily stored through physical adsorption onto surface defects, edges, or functional groups of the hard carbon, without inducing notable structural evolution.
These include insertion-adsorption, 18 adsorptioninsertion, 19 adsorption-nanopore filling, 20 and combined adsorption-nanopore filling-intercalation models. 21,22 The ambiguity primarily lies in the interpretation of the plateau region, which remains highly material-specific and is influenced by factors such as pore size distribution, defect density, electronic properties, and thermal treatment. 22,23 This complexity highlights the need for further detailed studies to optimize hard carbon design for practical SIB applications.
Therefore, selecting appropriate precursors and post-modications are fundamental steps to control the carbons' chemical and structural properties while reducing the processing challenges. 16,17 An innovative approach for improving the sodium storage performance of disordered carbons relies on post-synthetic processing to deposit an articial interphase on the active material's surface or a doping agent to tune the electronic structure. Here, the material requirements are different from the ones of electrode (storage) materials.
Following the irreversible phase transformation, only 0.6 mol of Na ions could be reversibly extracted out. 73 Pre-sodiated manganese oxide, Na 0.44 MnO 2 (also known as Na 4 Mn 9 O 18 ), has also been thoroughly investigated over the years, particularly because of its attractive large-sized tunnels for sodium insertion. Sauvage et al. studied pure Na 0.44 MnO 2 samples synthesized via a solid-state method and recorded a specic capacity of $80 mA h g À1 when cycled at a rate of C/10 over a voltage range between 2.0 and 3.8 V vs.
Na/Na + which, in combination with their good chemical stability, and low cost makes them suitable components in sodium-ion batteries. 177 Despite being suitable candidates, they do present some limitations: ClO 4 À is a strong oxidant, meaning it is primarily of academic interest, while PF 6 À has safety issues at elevated temperatures and is particularly moisture sensitive. 175 Alternative Na counter ions that have been reported such as BF 4 À , CF 3 SO 3 À (Tf) and [N(CF 3 SO 2 ) 2 ] À (TFSI) display more signicant drawbacks.
The company announced cooperation with the energy company Phillips 66 from Houston in the development of lower-cost and higher-performing anode materials and plans the cooperation with Pacific Northwest National Laboratory from the USA, the French National Center for Scientific Research (CNRS), and the French research network on electrochemical energy storage, among others, to attain practical energy of Na-ion batteries of nearly 200 Wh kg -1 . Famous Chinese battery supplier CATL declared the production of sodium-ion batteries .
For the atomic scale simulations of Na storage on defective graphene surfaces and in graphitic stacks with different interlayer distances, all calculations were conducted using density functional theory (DFT) as implemented in the Vienna Ab initio Simulation Package (VASP, version 5.3.5). To simulate sodium storage and migration in the planar graphitic layers with varying interlayer distance, a 4×4×2 supercell (64 atoms) was constructed, whereby up to eight sodium was added to each cell in between the two planar graphitic layers.
Base on the data of EIS and the equation i 0 ¼ RT/nFR ct , the exchange current density (i 0 ) of a-Sb 2 S 3 @CuSbS 2 electrode (0.129 mA cm À2 ) and the i 0 of the traditional electrode (0.045 mA cm À2 ) were calculated, conrming the improved chargetransfer in a-Sb 2 S 3 @CuSbS 2 electrode. 45 We emphasize that avoiding the use of binders is one of key factors to improve electrode performance because the polymer binders can block the active sites, inhibit diffusion and increase transfer resistance of the electron or sodium ion.
Develop a simple, safe, low-cost pre-sodiumation method suitable for largescale application, to effectively solve the problem of low Coulombic efficiency in the first week; Conduct more in-depth studies on the effects of sodium dendrite growth on the surface of hard carbon on the safety and cycle life of the batteries; Pay sufficient attention to the roles of the physical parameters of the practical hard carbon anode in electrochemical performances (compacted density, loading, etc.) in the research. be given sufficient attention.
Up to now, compared to inorganic electrodes that have been deeply and widely studied, attention has seldom been paid to the redox mechanisms (e.g., crystal structures, morphology evolution) of organic electrodes. 33 PTCDA with carbonyl motifs is an n-type organic electrode that typically shows an average working potential of À0.6 to Energy & Environmental Science À0.7 V (versus standard hydrogen electrode) for storing cations. 13,33 This electrochemistry feature makes PTCDA a promising anode candidate for aqueous Na-ion batteries.
In the process of increasing the coating content of Na 2 Ti 3 O 7 , the a lattice parameter and unit cell volume was found to increase and therefore, in view of larger ionic radius of Ti 4+ (0.605 Å) compared with Mn 4+ (0.53 Å) it was tentatively proposed that Ti 4+ had been incorporated into the structure, which suppresses the sodium ion/vacancy ordering and the P2-O2 phase transition during cycling. 210,211 By coating a layered oxide material with a second, related layered oxide material it is also possible to instigate doping.
• LiPF 6 integration into sodium-ion battery electrolytes strengthens solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) film and stabilizes O3 electrode surfaces, enhancing cycleability with 92.7% at 400 cycles. • Li-based SEI exhibits reduced solubility, effectively suppressing sodium-ion and electron leakage, and mitigating electrolyte decomposition on hard carbon electrode. • The formation of Li-ion pillars on O3-type electrode surfaces significantly reduces oxygen release and electrolyte degradation, resulting in improved capacity retention.
Hard carbons generally exhibit broad signals around 1350 and 1580 cm -1 (D-and G-band, respectively), related to in-plane sp 2 C-bond breathing and stretching modes, and often no 2D signal at B2700 cm À1 , which provides information regarding graphitic layer stacking and coherence. 37,60 The Raman spectrum of G1000 is characteristic of hard carbon, with very broad D and G bands and an extremely weak 2D signal; with increasing pyrolysis temperature, the peaks narrow and sharpen, and the intensity ratio I D /I G increases (Fig. 2f).
In addition, for the same category of precursors and the same pyrolysis temperature, the source of the precursor leads to hard carbon materials with very different N2 SSA values, e.g., biomass category at 1400 °C, lotus seedpod HC has ~109 m 2 g - 1 182 vs. ~21 m 2 g -1 for a peat moss HC 92 , biopolymer category at 1000 °C, cellulose HC has 539 m 2 g - 1 183 vs. 83 m 2 g -1 for a microcrystalline cellulose HC 40 , synthetic polymers at 1400 °C, and tire rubber-derived HC has 210 m 2 g - 1 184 vs. ~ 3 m 2 g -1 for a pitch HC 119 .
ILs composed entirely of ions offer promising features for battery electrolytes, such as flame retardancy, broad electrochemical stability, and high ionic conductivity across wide temperature ranges, yet their performance is strongly influenced by ion pairing chemistry, with limitations including high viscosity, reduced molar conductivity at low temperatures, and the frequent use of highly fluorinated anions. 106 Further research demonstrated that FSI anions promote stable SEI formation, facilitating reversible sodium intercalation.
Moreover, the highest inner surface area, S/m, observed for HC-2-600-1500 (Table 1) may contribute to enhancing the plateau capacity, provided that the plateau region corresponds to the clustering of sodium inside the internal pores. 12,79 Additionally, it has been reported that an increase in plateau capacity is associated with the less asymmetric shape of pores. 65 In this study, a hard carbon prepared at the lowest pre-carbonization heating rate exhibits the highest plateau capacity value, despite having the most asymmetric pores.
• NaTFSI/SUL:OTE:FEC facilitates the formation of S, N-rich, dense and robust cathode-electrolyte interphase on NaNMF cathode, which improves the cycling stability under high voltage. • By utilizing NaTFSI/SUL:OTE:FEC, the Na||NaNMF batteries achieved an impressive retention of 81.15% after 400 cycles at 2 C with the cutoff voltage of 4.2 V. • The study offers a reference for the utilization of sulfolane-based electrolytes in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), while the nonflammability of the NaTFSI/SUL:OTE:FEC enhances the safety of SIBs.
The compound formula for the Sodium (Na) Super-Ionic Conductor (NaSICON) solid electrolyte (SE) powders was written incorrectly as Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 4 (instead of Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 12 ) three times in the article: In the 'Abstract': Sodium (Na) Super-Ionic CONductor (NaSICON) solid electrolyte (SE) powders (Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 4 ) were prepared by the mixed oxide technique… In 'Experimental -Powder Synthesis' NaSICON (Na 3 Zr 2 Si 2 PO 4 ) solid electrolyte powders were synthesized via a solid-state synthesis route (mixed-oxide route).
The Na-ion migration paths within Na3CrCl6 (trigonal P 3 ̅ 1c), Na3ErCl6 (monoclinic P21/n), and Na3GdCl6 (trigonal R3 ̅ ) are illustrated in Figures 4(a Please do not adjust margins Please do not adjust margins prism sites (Oct.-Prism), and between octahedral and prism sites via tetrahedral interstitial sites (Oct.-Tet.-Prism), which was in good agreement with a previous study. 37 Details of Na-ion migration paths for trigonal P 3 ̅ 1c, monoclinic P21/n, and trigonal R 3 ̅ phases are presented in Figures S3,S4, and S5, respectively.
Many researchers have adopted the proposed ''house of cards model'' by Stevens and Dahn as the model structure to investigate the Na-ion storage mechanism using different characterization tools. 70,71 This model suggests an ''intercalation-adsorption'' mechanism as the defect-assisted interaction of ions in the pseudo-graphitic region at a higher voltage (4B0.1 V), corresponding to the slope related capacity (SRC), whereas ion insertion into micropores occurs at a lower voltage (oB0.1 V), resulting in a plateau-related capacity (PRC).
Improvements in solid-state electrolytes are key to realizing the potential of these large-scale batteries. • Identify mechanisms of dendrite initiation and propagation from molten Na electrodes using highcurrent (100 mA/cm 2 ), one-directional testing. • Use classical electrochemical methods, such as electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS), to further understand Na|NaSICON interface and detect initial dendrite formation. • Use interfacial coating to eliminate dendrite formation and identify key properties for effective coatings.
Notably, lower than those typically reported in the literature for the NASICON structure. 47 Furthermore, the observed increase in activation energy at high temperature probably indicated that the remarkable phase transition leads to a phase where Na + ions become minimally mobile because of their order in the structure of the polymorph as in monoclinic NASICON. 47,48 In summary, Na 4 MnFe(PO 4 ) 3 NASICON compound with R 3c space group was successfully synthesized by solution-assisted solid-state reaction, sol-gel and Pechini methods.
The Hubbard U correction was used for the electronic states of V to account for the self-interaction error of semilocal density functionals. 37 The U parameter was chosen to be consistent with the Materials Project database, 38 as reported by Jain et al. (V: 3.25eV). 39 When studying topotactic Na/Ca migration and insertion, the rhombohedral NaSICON structure (R3 ̅ c) with 72 oxygen ions (CaxNayV12(PO4)18) was used for all calculations, and the ionic positions, cell shape, and volume were allowed to locally optimize during relaxations.
Examples of potential optimization that could be applied revolve around electrolyte concentration (as has been investigated for sodium metal batteries (Cao et al., 2016)), addition of additives to the efficient NaPF 6 /diglyme system (as has been investigated by the addition of sodium polysulfides in Na-S cells (Wang H. et al., 2018)) and reducing the water content in other electrolytes (as a stable Na||Na interface has been observed in carbonate electrolytes, if the water content is reduced to <10 ppm (Conder and Villevieille, 2019)).
Because of this low reaction potential, at which most organic compounds are reduced, selecting appropriate electrolyte components (i.e., salts, solvents, and additives) or functional binders is essential to achieve the reversible cycling of hard carbon electrodes. 5, Regarding the electrolyte design, a solid electrolyte interphase (SEI), 15,16 which is formed on a negative electrode by sacrificial reductive decomposition of electrolyte components, dominates the reversibility and kinetics of sodium insertion into hard carbon electrodes.
Despite the enhancement of transport kinetics at the electrode-electrolyte interface through electrolyte renement, the crucial aspect still lies in developing electrode materials that are better suited for SIBs. Over the past few years, extensive research has been conducted on various cathode materials for sodium energy storage with possess open-framework structures, 16,17 such as transition metal oxides with layered/tunneled structures, polyanionic compounds, Prussian blue analogues, 28,29 and organic materials, 30 have been studied.
The formation of microcracks during cycling disrupts the conductive network, resulting in inhomogeneous Na + insertion/extraction, uneven electrochemical reactions, phase transitions, and side reactions such as excessive CEI growth and transition metal dissolution into the electrolyte. 30,31 In conclusion, the intact 3D CNTs network plays a crucial role in maintaining structural stability and enhancing electrochemical performance, making PW-based composite electrodes with CNTs binders highly suitable for sodium-ion battery applications.
• Nanocube-like KNiFe(CN) 6 and rugby ball-like NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 are grown on carbon nanotube fibers via simple and mild methods. • A quasi-solid-state fiber-shaped aqueous rechargeable sodium-ion battery based on all binder-free electrodes is successfully assembled for the first time, delivering a high volumetric capacity of 34.21 mAh cm -3 and impressive volumetric energy density of 39.32 mWh cm -3 . • The device delivers superior mechanical flexibility with only 5.7% of initial capacity loss after bending at 90° for over 3000 cycles.
The E a value of Na 2 MgCl 4 , together with the outstanding diffusivity and conductivity at 300 K, meets the requirements for SSEs. The activation energy and transport properties at 300 K demonstrate a remarkable compatibility of Na 2 MgCl 4 with currently used solid-state electrolytes (SSEs) in Na-ion battery technology. Table 4 provides a detailed comparison of various Na + -based SSEs, highlighting key properties such as NaCl Schottky energy, room-temperature diffusivity (D 300K ), conductivity (s 300K ), and activation energy (E a ).
A recent study suggests that introducing a small amount of tensile strain into these 2D-layered transition metal sulfides can greatly increase the amount of sodium inserted. 6 However, these materials typically generate tiny cracks or defects to reduce the strain produced by sodium intercalation. 7 Therefore, heterostructuring transition metal sulfides to have larger interlayer spacings than the bare materials is one proposed strategy to mitigate these detrimental effects. In recent years, several polyanionic compounds have been explored.
According to the well-developed LIB knowledge, great progress has been made in developing suitable SIB cathodes. However, the challenge for SIBs is the anode, since graphite, which is the standard LIB anode, is very limited in its ability to store sodium ions due to the their larger ionic size. 15 Although exfoliating graphite and further functionalizing them (like doping or combining with other active materials) can greatly increase their performance in sodium ion storage, the exfoliating process is time-costive and result much pollution.
This novel design ensures the safety, is more tolerant of overcharge, reduces the comprehensive cost and makes cell recycling more convenient. 49,50 Figure 1b is a schematic of energy vs. density of states plot, showing the relative position of the Fermi energy level of Ni 4+ /Ni 2+ (Ni 4+ /Ni 3+ and Ni 3+ /Ni 2+ ) and Ti 4+ /Ti 3+ redox couples for O3-type Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2. 5 To illustrate these redox couple, the CV curve with a wide voltage range of 0-4 V in the half cell of Na0.8Ni0.4Ti0.6O2/Na is carried out in the right of Figure 1c.
Beyond material and performance advantages, SIBs are gaining traction due to their compatibility with lithium-ion manufacturing infrastructure and resilience in supply-disrupted scenarios where lithium or graphite availability is constrained. 17 Faradion's sodium-ion cells, for example, perform effectively across -20 to 60 °C and achieve cycle lifespans beyond 4000 cycles, making them suitable for stationary storage in cold climates and defense or aerospace applications. Fig. 2 illustrates environmental conditions relevant to such use cases.
They present several advantages such as the abundance of the carbon element, the low elaboration cost of hard carbons and their expected electrochemical performances (300 mA h g -1 ) for an energy density of 300 W h kg -1 for fully sodiated hard carbons. Elsewhere, transition metal oxides are another possible class of anode materials and are considered for both LIBs and SIBs. Among them, titanium dioxide (TiO 2 ) is an attractive alternative negative electrode material owing to the titanium abundance, its non-toxicity and cost-effectiveness.
However, a desired interface can be achieved using a highly conductive ($10 -4 U -1 cm -1 ) exible composite solid polymer electrolyte membrane. 5,14 In our recent studies, NASICON-dispersed PEO-NaCF 3 SO 3 membranes were developed by our group with high ionic conductivity and found to be potential solid electrolytes for batteries and supercapacitors. 5,13 We realized that prior to application, it is also essential to address the interface between the electrode and electrolyte to ensure stability and successful long charge-discharge cycling.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) and potassium ion batteries (PIBs) are now universally viewed as the most encouraging and efficient complementary energy storage devices after the development of high energy and power density lithium-ion batteries (LIBs). 1,2 Portable electronic devices (PEDs), electric vehicles (EVs), and renewable energy storage sectors have already successfully implemented LIB technology. The limited natural abundance of lithium compared to sodium and potassium will challenge LIB technology to meet future energy storage demands.
To mitigate this drawback two promising methodologies have been used so far: (i) reduce the particle size of the NVP to the nanoscale to shorten the electron's path length, 27 and (ii) coating the conductive layer to provide a conductive framework and accommodate the volume change associated with the insertion/ de-insertion of Na-ions. 28,29 Along with the inherent properties of electrode material, crystallinity, electrochemical activity, and many other characteristics of the synthesized materials are inuenced by the calcination temperature.
There are various categories of cathode materials, including layered oxides, Prussian blue analogs, polyanionic compounds and organic frameworks. 9-12 Among these cathode candidates, layered transition metal oxides (Na x TMO 2 , where 0 < x < 1 and TM represents a 3d transition metal) have garnered considerable interest due to their excellent ionic conductive ability, high theoretical capacity and environmental benignity. The development of Na x TMO 2 resembles that of LIB cathode materials, such as ternary materials (Li[Ni x Co y Mn z ]O 2 ).
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are a promising alternative and complementary technology to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs). 1 SIBs are especially promising for stationary applications, however, are also discussed for use in power tools and even electric vehicles. 2 Compared to LIBs, active materials of SIBs generally are more abundant and more geographically evenly distributed. 3 For approximately the past two years, the rst SIB-cells have been accessible to private consumers in Europe, reecting their increasing availability in the private sector.
However, even though Na has penetrated much of the cross-section in the NaSICON-23h sample, the total resistance is not low enough to be attributed purely to Na, which has an electronic conductivity of 1.0 x 10 5 S cm -1 at 110 °C. 61 The higher resistance and maintained Na + transport would support the conclusion that current does not pass entirely through these Na-penetrated regions, but instead that the Na creates new, higher conductivity pathways and increases contact between Na and NaSICON, lowering the total resistance of the electrolyte.
According to previous studies, HC electrodes exhibit poor sodium-ion (Na + ) insertion kinetics when tested in carbonate-based electrolytes. Notably, when charged at rates faster than 1 C (³250-300 mA g (HC) ¹1 ), the plateau capacity disappears, yielding less than half the capacity compared to slower charging conditions. Therefore, it is surprising that HC electrodes yielded 85 % retention at 1000 mA g (HC) ¹1 in the EC:DEC electrolyte by simple dilution HC powder, suggesting that the HC electrode has potentially great Na + insertion kinetics.
Another emerging application is large scale energy storage in power grids to accommodate for intermittent power production from renewable sources such as solar and wind power. 2 The emergence of new applications brings challenges to the field of battery research, e.g., the need for higher energy density, higher rate capabilities, improved safety and lower cost. 3 Sodium ion secondary batteries (SIBs) are now being considered as an alternative to LIBs because sodium is considerably more abundant than lithium rendering SIBs a cheaper alternative.
Sb nanobelts have several advantages over micron-sized particles for SIB alloy anode: 1) the thin thickness of NB (<100 nm) allows for faster charging/discharging, due to a shortened diffusion length; 2) the strong mechanical strength of NB avoids extensive electrode pulverization; 3) the two-dimensional (2-D) structure of NB with a large length to width ratio improves the electrical contact between active materials and conductive additives, especially for SIB alloy anodes with significant changes in electrode volume during charging/discharging.
This indicates that NH 3 treatment effectively promotes carbon layer stacking and enhances structural ordering at lower temperature, but also bring defects and nitrogen-doping in the graphite planes, which reduce the further graphitization as temperature increase. 10,23 Among them, the NPNHC-T1200 sample exhibits a moderate d 002 value and L c value, which is favorable for constructing a balanced conductive framework while maintaining sodium-ion intercalation pathways, potentially achieving a better trade-off between ICE and reversible capacity.
When looking into the literature on biomassderived hard-carbon anodes for Na-ion batteries, Trotta et al. reported GWP values of 500 and 615 kg CO 2 -equiv. kg -1 for Kuranode-derived and glucose-derived hard carbon anodes respectively, 48 while Liu et disclosed values of 167-3143 kg CO 2 -equiv. kg -1 for bamboo, pine, coconut, tea seed, hazelnut shell, and peanut shell-derived hard carbons. 49 Therefore, it remains evident that the organic anodes developed herein by MW heating render clear environmental benefits over carbonaceous alternatives.
Therefore, the conductivities with the real area of the cross section for grass carbonized at 1000 and 2050 °C are estimated to be 156 S cm -1 and 323 S cm -1 , respectively, which are much higher than the conductivity values of hard carbon in literature. 60 We believed that the excellent electron conductivity caused by Joule heating of the carbon accelerates the electron transport along the array structure in the material which in turn greatly contributes to the high performance of the SIB anode as shown in Figure 4c. cathodic and anodic scans.
This is the key to determining energy density, life span, and safety like yet a viable, less expensive and lower-risk candidate for today's batteries. 8,9 Currently, O3-type NaNi 0.5 Mn 0.5 O 2 (NaNM) is acknowledged as a promising candidate for SIB cathodes due to its impressive capacity and cycle stability, along with its relatively simple synthesis process. 10 These attributes make it a strong contender for Na + storage applications. 11 However, NaNM suffers from a number of limitations that place obstacles in the way of practical application.
This phenomenon, together with the fact that V 1.87 FeS 4 exhibits admirable sodium storage performance at any current density, firmly certifies that synthesis of bimetallic sulfides or composites could actualize high-rate ability of TMSs. 7,19,38 Fig. 4(e) reveals the superior rate performance of V 1.87 FeS 4 (45.4%) than Fe 7 S 8 (13.4%) when the current density is increased from 0.05 to 10 A g -1 , confirming that the creation of iron/vanadium bimetallic sulfides is in favor of addressing the inability to perform fast-charging of iron sulfides.
However, practical applications of all-solid-state Na batteries are still constrained by the deficiencies of solid electrolytes, such as low ionic conductivity at room temperature, narrow electrochemical window, and weak chemical/electrochemical stability. Along with experimental investigations, computations are playing a crucial role in discovering new solid-state electrolytes (SSEs) for sodium-ion batteries. These computational methods provide us with valuable insights into the fundamental mechanisms of SSEs, thus accelerating their development.
We have shown that a variety of active materials can be used in the ionic liquid Na[FSA]-[C 3 C 1 pyrr][FSA]. Very recently, we realized a practical sodium-ion full cell consisting of a hard carbon (HC) negative electrode and a NaCrO 2 positive electrode, which reached energy densities of 125 Wh L ¹1 and 75 Wh kg ¹1 at an operating temperature range of 298-363 K. 28 However, the sodiumion concentration of the ionic liquid electrolyte was as low as 1 mol dm ¹3 , and there is room to improve the performance by increasing the composition of Na [FSA].
Since the discovery as an additional capacity source in Li-rich cathode materials, anion redox reaction has attracted enormous attention for further increasing the energy density of battery materials. Inspired by this, some P2-type sodium-based cathode materials have been reported to have extraordinary capacity beyond cationic redox reactions. However, there are still many unanswered questions about the basic understanding of these systems, such as electrochemical properties, phase evolution in long cycles and capacity fading mechanisms and so on.
With growing concern about the supply risk of lithium resources, sodium-ion batteries (NIBs or SIBs) using abundant and low-cost sodium resources are actively researched for large-scale energy storage. Hard carbon is a promising negative electrode for NIBs owing to its large capacity (>250 mAh g ¹1 ) and low reaction potential (³0.1 V versus Na + /Na). The potential profile of hard carbon upon sodiation is composed of a sloping region (0.1 V-2.5 V) and a plateau region (0 V-0.1 V), and the latter constitutes more than half of the overall capacity.
Na-ion batteries (NIBs), as one of the promising candidates for lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), have been extensively studied for its merits such as abundant Na reserves, low cost and analogous physicochemical properties to Li. However, large radius of Na + causes structural degradation and slow electrochemical kinetics, which greatly restricts the development of high energy SIBs. Up to now, a large number of new cathode materials for NIBs have been investigated, such as polyanion compounds, Prussian blue analogs and layered transition-metal oxides .
Our previous research has focused on oxide-based solid electrolytes, and we have been developing sintered multilayer oxide-based all-solid-state batteries using a Na superionic con-ductor (NASICON)-type solid electrolyte Li 1.5 Al 0.5 Ge 1.5 (PO 4 ) 3 (LAGP). 1 These batteries utilize Li 2 CoP 2 O 7 (LCPO) as the positive electrode active material that can operate at a high voltage of 5 V versus Li + /Li. 2 LCPO cannot be used in organic liquid-based batteries because it causes oxidative decomposition of the electrolyte owing to its high potential.
The equilibrium intercalation voltage depends on the chemical potential difference of sodium in the electrode materials and can be approximated by equation without considering the small contributions of entropy and volume changes to the cell voltage (Aydinol and Ceder, 1997;Meng and Arroyo-De Dompablo, 2009). where x 1 and x 2 are the Na + contents in the pristine and final electrodes; F is the Faraday constant; z is electronic charge of sodium ions, i.e., 1; E total is the total energy per formula unit which is a function of the crystal structure.
Compared to Mn III/IV , the Fe III /Fe IV redox couple offers a higher working voltage, improving energy density, and also enhanced Na diffusion through the Jahn-Teller activity of Fe IV . 73 Thus, the combination of these elements in appropriate ratios could give rise to a co-operative Jahn-Teller distortion, enabling greater reversible capacities to be achieved. 74,75 In this study, P2-type Na 2/3 Fe 2/3 Mn 1/3 O 2 is investigated first through the combination of X-ray and neutron diffraction to obtain a precise depiction of the initial structure.
Most of the academic interest in Na-ion batteries has originated from the fact that similar materials (various crystal structures used in conventional Li-ion batteries) can be applied to Naion batteries. 7) Na-ion batteries have gathered considerable interest in the field of large-scale energy storage systems (ESSs) because of the cost effectiveness and environmental R Review friendliness. The early interest in sodium-based materials has been revisited on account of the natural abundance of sodium and relatively lower cost than of lithium resources.
P2-Type Na x Mg 0.11 Mn 0.89 O 2 also exhibited a very stable electrochemical performance, capable of delivering a high capacity retention of 93.8% aer 100 cycles (compared to the 10th cycle). 38 An example for benecial Zn doping was published by Wu et al., who prepared P2-type Na 0.66 Ni 0.33Àx Zn x Mn 0.67 O 2 using a simple solid-state method, which exhibited a high capacity retention of 89% aer 30 cycles due to Zn doping. 37 The second approach to improve the electrochemical properties of P and O type cathodes is to synthetize P/O-composites.
HC anodes exhibit two distinct sodium storage capacities: a sloping capacity above 0.1 volts and a plateau capacity below 0.1 volts. 5 The plateau capacity demonstrates high energy density owing to its low operational voltage and strong reversibility. 6 In detail, the plateau capacity is derived from two sodium storage mechanisms: storage within the spaces of carbon layers and storage within the pore structure. 7 Thus, it is appealing to simultaneously optimize the pore structure while avoiding excessive graphitization for boosting plateau capacity.
In particular, NASICON-type phosphate materials such as anodic NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NTP) and cathodic Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP) both have stable lattice structures and large 3D tunnels for the migration of Na + , which enable zero-strain (de)intercalation during cycling and fast transport of Na + ions, leading to a high rate capability and long lifespan when used in SIBs. 11,12 Specically, the presence of redox-variable titanium/vanadium ions endows NTP and NVP with a substantial diffusion coefficient for Na + and a perceptible electronic conductivity.
Concurrently, fragile SEIs under low-temperature conditions exacerbate inhomogeneous Na + flux, accelerating dendrite growth and capacity decay. 31 Real-world testing reveals inconsistencies, with some SIBs retaining 90-95% capacity at -20 °C in controlled conditions as presented in Fig. 3(c), 32 but suffering 20% losses under thermal shock, alongside safety risks like thermal runaway during nail penetration tests, underscoring the interplay of thermodynamic instability, kinetic sluggishness, and interfacial degradation in limiting LT SIB viability.
During charging, multiple phase transitions corresponding to the sequence: O 0 3-O 0000 3-P 0 3-P 00 3-P 000 3-O 00 3-O 000 3 were identied. 53 The occurrence of so many structural transitions has since been associated with poor rate capability in layered oxide positive electrode materials. 21 In particular, the large volume changes and thermodynamic instability of the high voltage O3 00 phase has been associated with inferior cycling and rate performance for the Ni-rich O3-Na [Ni x Fe y Mn 1ÀxÀy ]O 2 (x ¼ 0.6, 0.7 and 0.8) series. 54 2.1.3 P3-type.
The reason is that at the beginning of the discharge process, Na + ions are adsorbed on the active sites on the surface of the electrode material; with the discharging process, the adsorbable active sites tend to be saturated, and the remaining Na + ions begin to intercalate into the graphite layer; as the intercalation resistance increases, D Na + decreases, while the nal increase in D Na + is attributed to the Na + lling into the micropores. 36 The Na + storage process in hard carbon is a typical "adsorption, intercalation and pore lling" model.
The energy density D was calculated according to D = C$V, here C and V represents the theoretical capacity and open circuit voltage, respectively. 37 Thus the calculated energy density of Cs 1/16 CrN 2 is 903 W h kg -1 , higher than traditional transition metal oxides (less than 800 W h kg -1 ), polyanions (less than 500 W h kg -1 ) and Prussian blue compounds (about 500 W h kg -1 ). 38 To reveal the mechanism of the effect of alkali metal intercalation on diffusion properties, we studied the charge transfer for CrN 2 with alkali metal intercalation.
Hard carbon has attracted much interest since reports of sodium insertion into its structure by Stevens and Dahn, 7,8 who conceptualised the hard carbon as a "house of cards". 7 More recent work suggests that hard carbons consist of randomly oriented, curved and defective layers of graphene separated by large interplanar distances. Sodium can be inserted at defect sites, between the carbon layers, and into nanopores. Galvanostatic charge/discharge proles of hard carbon comprise two main features: a sloping region from the maximum voltage of 2 V (vs.
These simulations show that oxygen defects in the graphitic bilayer and on the surface lead to stronger sodium adsorption energies, especially at low sodium loading, similar to previous studies where carbon vacancies in bilayer graphene have also shown favourable sodium storage. 35,65,66 Furthermore, the effect of oxygen-containing defects in the carbon structures is not localised and can also improve the sodium storage at sites away from the defects, although at higher sodium concentrations, or higher specific capacities, the effect is reduced (Fig.
The sodium-ion diffusion coefficient (D Na + ) was calculated by using the slope taken from the linear range using the following simplified Eq. ( 1): Where m B , Vm, and M B represent the active mass, the molar volume, and the molar mass of the Na 2-x FeFe(CN) 6 material, respectively. τ signifies the duration of a current pulse, and S is the geometric surface of the Na 2-x FeFe(CN) 6 electrode. ΔE t represents the voltage gap between the two steady-state voltages in a single-step GITT process, and ΔE t is the voltage variation during a current pulse.
Many promising positive electrode materials have been developed for rechargeable sodium-ion batteries, such as Na x [Fe 1/2 Mn 1/2 ]O 2 , 1 Na 0.44 MnO 2 , 2 b-NaMnO 2 , 3 NaCrO 2 , 4 Na 2 FeP 2 O 7 , 5 Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , 6 and NaFePO 4 . 7 However, only a few materials are available for negative electrodes, such as alloys, 8,9 hard carbon, 10 and sodium titanium oxides. 11,12 TiO 2 , which is used as an alternative negative electrode material to graphite in rechargeable lithium batteries, was recently investigated for rechargeable sodium batteries.
The volume shrinkage is 3.56% and 2.02% for LiLi 3 Fe(C 2 O 4 ) 3 and NaLi 3 Fe(C 2 O 4 ) 3 respectively which are low values compared with e.g. the phospho-olivines LiFePO 4 and NaFePO 4 which have a volume difference of 6.4% after geometry optimisation by DFT calculations with similar input parameters. 38,39 Thus, we can reasonably conclude that the evolution of the structures Li 1-x Li 3 Fe(C 2 O 4 ) 3 , Na 1-x Li 3 Fe(C 2 O 4 ) 3 , and K 1-x Li 3 Fe(C 2 O 4 ) 3 would be very similar by gradually removing x ions to simulate electrochemical cycling.
Metal disulphides (NiS 2 , FeS 2 ) using a Cu current collector have displayed better cycling properties than those using a Ti current collector, due to the formation of Cu 2 S. 30 Although the current collector should be inert during the electrochemical reaction, copper current collectors can participate in electrochemical reactions. Even though aluminium is an ideal candidate for anode current collector among SIB reports, copper is commonly used as a general current collector for anodes, and the conditions for its use should be urgently investigated.
The voltage plateaus of both NTO and NTO:Yb gradually disappear in the following charge/discharge process which may be attributed to the reconstructed crystal structure during the sodium intercalation or the electrode polarization. 19,20 However, aer 1000 cycles, there is still a small voltage plateau of NTO:Yb while the plateau of NTO almost disappeared, suggesting that doping Yb 3+ could stabilize the electrode structure during the charge/discharge process, thereby leading to a better rate performance of NTO:Yb, which will be further discussed later.
In the sloping region, the changing voltage profile is a result of a combination of energetically different processes, as well as the continuous structural distortion arising from the interlayer expansion which accompanies the insertion of sodium ions. 40,64 While sodium diffusion within curved pores is rapid compared to inside graphitic interlayer galleries 56 and across heteroatom defects, 55 the ions are less strongly bound at these pore surfaces. 56 Therefore, interlayer intercalation and filling of defect sites occur preferentially to pore filling.
Upon increasing the carbonisation temperature to 1000 C or higher, the surface area as determined by gas sorption experiments tends to decrease even further as pores close and become inaccessible to the probing gases. With decreasing potential versus Na/Na + , the sodiation of hard carbons usually occurs gradually in different steps that can be distinguished by the mechanism of sodium storage. At higher potential, sodium ions are rst bonded to high energy stabilization sites followed by storage in small pores and slightly expanded graphite-like layers.
Extended cycling of sodium metal anodes at such current densities requires suppression of dendrite formation, e.g. by further reducing the interfacial resistance between sodium metal and the SE 9,11 and/or by applying even higher pressure, 8,12,41,64,65 although applying excessive pressure is not desirable for practical applications. 2 Fig. 6 compares the performance of state-of-the-art all-solidstate sodium and lithium batteries reported in literature, which display 480% capacity retention for Z100 cycles, using insertion-type cathode active materials.
Nevertheless, compared to sparse data in the literature, the conductivity values reported above on individual nanocrystals up to fifty times higher than those measured on PBA films: 1.5 × 10 -8 to 8 × 10 -7 S cm -1 for NaCo[Fe(CN 6 )] films 42 and 5 × 10 -6 to 6 × 10 -3 S cm -1 for various Fe[Fe(CN 6 )], Fe [Ru(CN 6 )], KRu[Fe(CN 6 )] films. 43 This work shows the importance of considering the nanocrystal individually to obtain a better estimation of its electronic properties and in particular a better estimation of its intrinsic electronic conductivity.
In addition, research has also been carried out on the addition of doping magnesium by 2% mol with an ionic conductivity value of 8.59 x 10 -4 S.cm-1 , Cerium with the addition of 0%, 1% and 5% that the total ionic conductivity value of the sample N0, N1, and N5 respectively, namely 5.02 x 10 -2 ; 4.10 x 10 -2 ; and 4.01 x 10 -2 S/cm , while Yanli Ruan et al. obtained the conductivity value from the NASICON sample with dopant in the form of ytria which has a bulk conductivity value of 7.27 × 10 -4 S/cm, while the total conductivity is 6.28 x 10 -4 S/cm .
These assignments are based on analogies to similar cells. 1,24 The interfacial impedance of sodium anodes can vary considerably depending on electrolyte and usage. 31 In general, these values tend to be low when glymes are used as solvents in electrolytic solutions, although they vary somewhat with the type of salt used. 32 A system nearly identical to the one presented here shows comparably low values for the interfacial resistance at the sodium electrode. 33 Thus, we feel confident that the high frequency semi-circle can be assigned to this phenomenon.
Earlier theoretical studies for non-conductive materials suggested that the ionic conductivity was assumed as approximately 10 -9 S/cm at room temperature, when inter-site hopping was not found in the MSD plot at 900 K. 57 Based on the low values of Na-ion MSD for Na3ErCl6 and Na3GdCl6, the diffusion barriers for these materials would exhibit 0.5 eV or higher values. 57 Using these upper bound values, the ionic conductivities at room temperature were estimated by the extrapolation of Arrhenius relation, resulting in 2×10 -8 S/cm for Na3GdCl6 and Na3ErCl6.
The ether electrolyte itself inhibits the shuttle effect of the generated polysulde, and the use of ether electrolyte instead of ester electrolyte can reduce the organic components contained in the negative SEI lm of the sodium ion battery so that the interface formed between the SEI lm and the negative material is more dense and stable. 43,44 Meanwhile, when the cut-off voltage was in the range of 0.01-3 V, the capacity dropped steadily from 739 mA h g À1 to 76 mA h g À1 due to an irreversible conversion reaction ranging from 0.4 V to 0.1 V (Fig. 2f).
Raman Spectroscopy of NaI-AlCl 3 Catholytes Eliminate acidic dimeric salt species. • Using Raman spectroscopy, Lewis acidic dimeric species, such as Al 2 Cl 6 I -, were identified in 35% and 45 mol% NaI in AlCl 3 . • Lewis acidic dimeric species were not observed under Lewis basic conditions (>50 mol% NaI). • Hypothesize that these dimeric species interact negatively with the NaSICON interface. • Shifting to Lewis basic catholytes (>50mol% NaI) eliminated acidic dimeric species, stabilizing the NaSICON-catholyte interface and, in turn, battery performance.
For example, migration of transition metal ions into the Na layer of O3-Na 0.8 Ni 0.3 Co 0.3 Ti 0.6 O 2 during the initial charge cycle was found to inhibit the reversibility of the O3-P3 phase transformation, thus leading to rapid capacity fade upon subsequent cycling. 72 Furthermore, transition metal cations located on tetrahedral sites in the alkali metal layer are thought to block the diffusion of sodium ions, giving rising to poor rate performance. 73 However, if the reversibility of the cation migration is regulated, these drawbacks can be mitigated.
For example, the quaternary O3-Na[Mn 0.25 Fe 0.25 Co 0.25 Ni 0.25 ]O 2 positive electrode material undergoes the O3-P3-O3 0 -O3 00 sequence of phase transitions upon extraction of sodium ions, when cycled between 1.9-4.3 V at C/10. 50 Kubota et al. synthesised a solid solution of NaFeO 2 -NaCoO 2 and found that upon charging up to 4.0 V, the O3-NaFe 0.5 Co 0.5 O 2 composition transforms into a P3-type phase via a biphasic reaction, and subsequently transforms to the monoclinic P 0 3 type phase which was found to be coupled with sodium ion/vacancy ordering.
However, rotation and tilting of the MO 6 octahedra results in extremely poor reversibility, with the interpolyhedral angles bending from 180° in the parent structure to 138° in the endmember Li 2 ReO 3 (Fig. 2a-c). 40 This highly localized strain percolates throughout the material and results in particle cracking and delamination of electrodes from the current collector. Hence, one way forward in the development of materials for highly reversible and long-life Na-ion batteries is to develop methods to suppress this type of phase transition during cycling.
Among different devices, Li-ion batteries (LIBs) have been intensively pursued as power sources for portable electronic devices and electric vehicles (EVs) due to their high energy/power density and long cycle life. However, the rarity and being geographically concentrated of lithium resources may severely restrict LIBs' perspective applications in grid-level energy storage. 4 Currently, attention starts to shift to Na-ion batteries (NIBs) that exhibit slightly inferior performance metrics compared to LIBs due to the lower cell voltages and less capacities.
For example, Qian et al. 22 demonstrated that chicken eggshell-derived carbon fiber with hierarchical pores structure delivered a high capacity; Huang et al. 23 showed pomelo peels-derived porous hard carbon offered a high capacity due to the three-dimensional (3D) porous structure and the O-functionalized surface of carbon material; Mitlin et al. 24 discovered that peat moss-derived 3D macro-porous interconnected networks of carbon nanosheets presented a high capacity which was attributed to dilated graphene interlayer spacing of pseudo-graphic structures.
In particular, an ultralow activation energy of 0.036 eV was observed experimentally for cubic Na 3 SbS 4 , compared to a reported value of 0.224 eV for the tetragonal polymorph, but DFT-based calculations and structural considerations fail to justify such a low activation energy, although being able to reproduce the trend. 10 From a computational perspective, the attention is thus directed towards the comprehension of the reasons behind the unusually low activation barrier for Na-ion diffusion in the cubic polymorph, the effect of Na vacancies and dopants.
Besides the widespread availability of the raw materials, PIBs possess attractive merits such as fast ionic diffusion kinetics of K + ions in the electrolyte, comparable energy density to LIBs, and a large choice of potential electrode materials. 3 Compared to other cathode materials for PIBs, Prussian Blue Analogues (PBAs) have gained great interest due to their cost effectiveness, facile synthesis and excellent electrochemical properties. PBAs have a general chemical formula A x M1 [M2(CN) 6 ] y (x # 2), in which A is an alkali cation, M1 and M2 are (TMs).
Additionally, the base chemical composition also plays a decisive role in conductivity, impacting both bulk and grain boundary properties as discussed in our previous paper. 8 A spherical-shaped hard carbon (hard carbon sphere, HCS) powder with particle sizes ranging from 0.4 to 0.6 mm was prepared from a hydrothermally synthesized resorcinolformaldehyde (RF)-gel precursor, followed by a calcination in an N 2 atmosphere. 26 This electrode material delivered 272 mA h g -1 at room temperature and at the rate of 100 mA g -1 in a liquid electrolyte cell (ESI Fig.
• Iron sulfide-based heterostructure in situ hybridized with nitrogen-doped carbon nanotubes was prepared through a successive pyrolysis and sulfidation approach. • The as-prepared Fe 7 S 8 /FeS 2 /NCNT electrode exhibits superior sodium storage performance in both ester and ether-based electrolytes. • The structure advantages of the electrode contribute to high electrochemical performance in the ester-based electrolyte, while fast ionic diffusion and favorable capacitive behavior result in the robust sodium storage performance in the ether-based electrolyte.
However, the results are not intended to directly benchmark different chemistries, but rather contribute to the development and discussion of demanded but missing innovative risk assessment tools for chemicals and related hazards in the field of emerging batteries, using SiB as an example. 4 There is an increasing demand for the assessment and guidance on the use of less toxic and safer materials for battery development. 2,4,5 In this section, an overview of the available literature on the early screening of chemicals for emerging battery systems is provided.
This has prompted research on the development of sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) because of sodium's low cost and its inexhaustible resources 2 • There have been exciting advances in the performance of SIBs utilizing layered transition-metal oxides and polyanions, which suggest that the sodium compounds can be promising com pared with their lithium analogues 3 • The l ay ered metal oxides offer high energy densities but are limited by cycling stability and air sensitivity, whereas polyanions show rather stable cycle life but only deliver a moderate energy density.
To further understand the mechanism of sodium ion storage in the as-prepared PPy hollow nanospheres, Wang et al. revealed that the PPy hollow nanospheres function through reversible doping/de-doping reactions during the charge/ discharge processes by virtue of the ex situ SEM, TEM, FTIR spectroscopy, and Raman spectroscopy, as well as density functional theory (DFT) calculation on the energy barriers of sodiated PPy. 78 The unique hollow micro-/nanostructures can further enhance the stable cyclability of the PPy hollow nanospheres as cathode materials for SIBs.
The observation of capacities that are higher than the theoretical capacity (by up to 10%) may arise from a contribution by amorphous carbon of $100-200 mA h g À1 of carbon and also, possibly, due to reversible interfacial lithium storage mechanisms as previously reported for conversion-type materials 53,54 or even reversible Li-ion storage by a polymeric gel-like layer formed by the electrolyte. 55 A signicant irreversible capacity is observed in the rst few cycles, resulting in an initial coulombic efficiency of just 63-70% for both Li-ion and Na-ion cells.
With the same method, we used (1-x-y)NaNi0.7Co0.3O2, xNa2MnO3, and yNaCoO2 composites; the sample Na1.5Ni0.117Co0.366Al0.017Mn0.5O2 has been tested for comparing in viewpoints of capacity and cyclability (Fig. 5), the repeat sample exhibits in the same mole fraction, the system with Aldoped has a better charge, and discharge capacities (discharge capacity of 155, mAhg -1 ) compared to the non-Al-doped system (discharge capacity of 144, mAhg -1 ). [(1-x-y)NaNi0.7Co0.3O2] doped with Al for cathode materials have been successfully synthesized via a sol-gel method.
These properties endow COFs with exceptional ionic fast diffusion characteristics, resulting in long cycle life and stability in SIBs. 6 Similar to LIBs, organic functional groups, such as carbonyl, triazine, imine, pyrazine and pyrenoimidazole, were identified as active sites for SIBs. Pradhan et al. first reported the use of COFs containing triazine and imine groups as electrode materials towards SIBs in 2018. 8 To increase the density of active sites, Chen et al. reported a nitrogen-rich TQBQ-COF, incorporating multiple carbonyl groups, for SIB applications.
Also for CN = 5 and CN = 6 there are many small but notable differences between the results from the two different functionals, which also agrees well with that the variance of the first solvation shell should be larger for the SIB electrolytes than for the analogous LIB electrolytes. 38 More data on all the stable complexes obtained are found in the ESI. † Before moving from the computational predictions of the complexes present to the experimental verification -it is useful to use a few model systems and see what they imply for the spectroscopy data analysis.
Once cesium ion is captured into the cube, it is kept fixed, due to the large stabilization. note that proton-migration from contaminated water into the cube is impossible. it is because the covalent bonding formation between proton and cyano-ligand is required, to stabilize the proton . however, proton cannot form the covalent bonding, due to the existence of the stable covalent bonding between manganese and cyano-ligand. hybrid Kohn-sham DFT calculations were performed to investigate the cesium and sodium ion-conduction mechanism for Cs 1-x na x Mn ii (Cn) 3 .
As Na atom hardly inserts into graphite to form the low stage intercalation compound (NaC 12 ), and accordingly graphite have a quite low sodium intercalation capacity of 35 mA h g À1 . 26 Therefore, in pursuit of improvement for both storage capacity and rate capability, explorations for anode materials are not only limited to the traditional nongraphitic carbonaceous materials, such as coke, 27 carbon black, 28 template carbon, 11,29 but also turned to the innovative electrode materials, such as graphene, 10,30 hollow carbon nanowires 12 and nanospheres 31 etc.
PbO particles could be reduced in situ by Na to Pb and produce the desired NaPb phases. 53 Similarly, Gross et al. showed that Sn metal coatings formed a NaSn intermetallic that facilitated wetting on NaSICON and enabled long cycle life in the new class of low temperature (110 °C) molten Na batteries. 34 Recognizing that Sn is also a low-cost metal and is significantly less toxic than Pb, we have elected here to use the Sncoated NaSICON described by Gross, et al. as a platform to better understand the underlying mechanisms that cause failure in solid electrolytes.
Sodium vanadium fluorophosphates are classified into different crystal structure such as tetragonal (Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 ), sandwich (Na 3 V 2 O 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F) and pseudo layered (Na 1.5 VPO 4.8 F 0.7 ) depending on, the composition of their constituents . 2.1 Crystal structure, synthesis strategy and its electrochemical performance of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 The NASICON-type Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 crystal structure is simply derived from the crystal structure of Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 by introducing three F -instead of one (PO 4 ) 3-to form Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3 .
More details on the structure and properties of these two types of CAM are provided in a previous work, and therefore not further discussed here in detail. 8 Given that the cathode is one of the components that has a particularly high impact on the cost and environmental performance of an SIB cell, 7,8 it is necessary to screen a large number of different material combinations for SIB to determine their impacts on the environment and human health and the use of hazardous substances to guarantee a sustainable-by-design approach to chemicals for this type of battery.
Na + ), high conductivity, good cycle stability, and low cost. 7 Porous structure designing and element doping are used to solve the problem of high irreversibility and capacity loss of hard carbon materials. 8 Various technologies, including hydrothermal carbonization, emulsion templating, ice templating, were studied to synthesize the porous carbon. 9 However, most of them oen need harsh reaction conditions or high costs. 7 Therefore, as a facile and low-cost method for synthesize of the porous carbon, spray-drying is highly desirable for large-scale preparation.
Pyo et al. found that the incorporation of MWNT changed the micro-structures of hard carbon, which contributed to an improvement in rate capability and reversible capacity. 21 Dai et al. have proposed to add carbon nanotubes into hard carbon for improving electronic conductivity, which dramatically enhanced their rate capability. 22 Herein, we synthesized mesoporous hard carbon materials modied with carbon coating and incorporation of CNTs additive by so-templated method, and studied the inuence of carbon coating and CNTs additive on electrochemical performances.
Such studies on leveraging the synergistic effect of carbon layers to enhance cycling stability and electrochemical performance demonstrate that structural and compositional co-optimization is broadly applicable across different systems. 19 Although both pore structure regulation and heteroatom doping have been widely employed for the targeted engineering of carbon materials, most studies have mainly focused on the effects of pore size and distribution on the performance of sodium-ion batteries, with little attention paid to the role of pore surface characteristics.
It is worth recalling that the hard carbons in SIBs face inherent limitations in cyclic stability at higher current densities when compared to graphite in LIBs. 34 The storage mechanism for hard carbons in SIBs primarily depends on aggressive ion insertion and pore-filling processes, which is detrimental to the structure and results in significant capacity decay in a relatively short time. 35 The cycling stability of HMF-HC is evaluated at 300 mA g À1 and 600 mA g À1 current density, showing capacity retentions of 84% and 80% after 100 cycles, respectively (Fig. 3a).
At present, the cathode materials of SIBs mainly include the transition metal oxides (Na x MeO 2 , Me = Fe, Mn, Co, Ni, and V, etc.) (Delmas et al., 1981;Doeff et al., 1994;Guignard et al., 2013;Vassilaras et al., 2013;Chen et al., 2017Chen et al., , 2018)), polyanionic compounds (Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 , Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 2 F 3, and Na 2 MnPO 4 F, etc.) (Xie et al., 2017;Wu et al., 2018a,b;Zheng et al., 2018;Ge et al., 2019;Leng et al., 2019) and Prussian blue compounds (A x M A [M B (CN) 6 ]•yH 2 O) (Qian et al., 2012;Lee et al., 2013;Wang et al., 2013;Yue et al., 2014).
The increasing demand for energy storage systems has promoted intensive research into advanced materials for postlithium rechargeable batteries. Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as promising candidates due to widespread availability and lower cost of sodium resources, with a particular focus on grid-level systems for renewable energy integration, where cost-efficiency and sustainability are critical considerations. 4,5 However, the optimisation of SIBs depends on the design and synthesis of advanced electrode materials with superior electrochemical properties.
In this regard, MoSe 2 , as a transition metal dichalcogenide with a typical 2D graphene-like layered structure and a large interlayer distance of z0.65 nm, stands out from various candidates for Na-ion storage. Based on an electrochemical conversion reaction from MoSe 2 to NaSe 2 and Mo, the theoretical capacity of MoSe 2 reaches 422 mA h g À1 , which is quite high as compared with those of other SIB anode materials. In spite of the superior Na-ion transport ability of MoSe 2 , its electronic conductivity is not good enough, thereby restricting its high rate behavior.
Solid-state electrolytes such as NASICON and Na-b 00 -alumina offer superior chemical, thermal and electrochemical stability, lower ammability, improved durability, and design simplicity in comparison to conventional liquid organic electrolytes. 182,183 They are a much safer option because they do not suffer from leakage or ammability. 184 However, the application of solid-state electrolytes in sodium-ion batteries is restricted by factors such as low ionic conductivity, poor wettability and in some cases incompatibility with established positive electrode materials.
As Table 2 summarizes, the overall conductivity of the solid electrolyte is lower than that of the liquid electrolyte; however, the actual Na-ion conductivity is similar. This is confirmed by the Na-ion transference number, which ranges from approximately 0.2 to 0.3 for most liquid electrolytes, whereas a solid electrolyte's transference number is 1. 38,39,50 When the usable thickness is compared with the separator thickness of the existing liquid electrolyte, the thickness of the solid electrolyte pellet is at least 30 times thicker than that of commercial separators.
Encouragingly, the enlarged graphitic interlayer spacing can also introduce affluent edge defects, which is conducive to achieve rapid absorption capacity. 79 For example, single large-radius P doping can effectively enlarge the layer spacing, and the synergistic effect of N/P-co-doping is beneficial to reduce the adsorption energy of hard carbons for K + . 105 As a result, the specific capacity rose from 140 to 253 mA h g À1 , and the rate performance was also improved significantly (from 16 to 76 mA h g À1 at a current density of 20 A g À1 ). 3.1.3 Triple-atom doping.
However, at a higher temperature (4220 1C), its fibrous network is disrupted, leading to the formation of micro/nano-sized cellulose fragments and spherical particles of varying sizes, confirming that synthesis methods and heat treatment play a vital role in controlling the size and structure of spherical hard carbon. The biomass-based HC with its inherent morphology and porous structure, along with the sustainable nature of precursors, make them potential anode materials for SIBs and PIBs 100,105,113 The carbon microspheres using the sol-gel process were achieved by C.
The NaSn is slightly more resistive than the Sn alone and, coupled with some NaSICON reduction near coating defects, caused the slight overpotential increase throughout the test. 64 Despite the rising overpotential, the dramatic reduction in overall voltage afforded by the coating should significantly decrease the possibility of nucleating and growing any metallic Na within the electrolyte. 65 Again, the cell was cooled, and the roomtemperature EIS spectrum indicated no shorting, dropping in conductivity from 23.6 mS cm -1 at 110 °C to 0.72 mS cm -1 at room temperature.
On the other hand, a more appropriate battery management system is developed according to the actual situation of SIBs, and targeted and refined control strategies are studied. iii) Improve the top-level design, promote the deep integration of SIB energy storage policies, regulations and guidelines with the industry, carry out comprehensive evaluation studies on the safety, scene adaptability and economy of SIB energy storage, promote the construction of large-scale demonstration projects of SIB energy storage, and accelerate the large-scale application process of SIBs .
This trend is like the observations made with other hard carbon systems for sodium-ion batteries. 20,83 The linear relationship seen with the models further conrms the reliability of these predictions since it is known from literature that increasing ICE leads to an increase in reversible capacity values. 36,84 The relative importance of ICE, pyrolysis temperature, current density, surface area, pore volume, interlayer spacing (d002), crystallite sizes (La and Lc), annealing time, heating rate and I D / I G on the reversible capacity of the AOPDHC was modeled and ranked.
S4 and S5, ESI †). 36,45 Next, we analyze the electrochemical oxidative stability of the mixed-anion Na 4 (CB 11 H 12 ) 2 (B 12 H 12 ) by cyclic voltammetry Energy & Environmental Science shown in Fig. 2a, using a SE/carbon composite with a 75 : 25 weight ratio as a working electrode and a platinum disk as a current collector, separated from a sodium metal electrode by a SE without carbon, as previously reported by some of us. 54 To separate the contributions of the two types of anions to the electrochemical oxidation, we also performed cyclic voltammetry of Na ] 2À ions.
The researchers found that, when the hard and soft carbon phases were only in close proximity to each other on the same active particles (shown in Fig. 7(a)), the composite (HCS-SC) could combine the advantages of the soft carbon in terms of high rate performance with the hard carbon in terms of long cycle life. 108 Brightly, the HCS-SC still exhibited an excellent capacity of up to 190 mA h g À1 even at a current density of 558 mA g À1 (2 C, shown in Fig. 7(b)), and retained an impressive capacity retention of 93% after 200 cycles at a current density of 279 mA g À1 (1 C).
Additionally, they documented the Na 3 Al 0.5 V 1.5 (PO 4 ) 3 anode substance, which demonstrated that the introduction of Al 3+ could initiate the charge/discharge reaction of V 4+ /V 5+ at 3.9 V, consequently enhancing the energy density of the SIB. 48 Nevertheless, all of these doped cations do not exhibit any electrochemical activity, leading to a signicant decrease in the specic capacity by unit. 46,48 From an application perspective, sodium-ion battery cathode materials should ideally possess characteristics such as environmental friendliness and cost-effectiveness.
This effect, resulting from dipolar couplings between nuclear spins and electron magnetic moments, leads to frequency shis and line broadening in NMR spectra, especially when the shape or paramagnetic spin distribution of the sample is non-uniform. In this study, we aim to (i) provide an in-depth analysis of the formation and composition of the SEI, (ii) present NMR spectroscopy as a powerful tool to understand and differentiate the sodium storage processes occurring during the (de)sodiation of hard carbon, and (iii) distinguish between Na metal plating and dendrite growth.
In order to optimise electrochemical performance and make Na-ion a genuine competitor for Li-ion, the choice of electrode material and structural optimisation are key areas for focus. 6 Nanostructured materials could provide shorter electron and ion transport path 7 and provide a larger surface area to enhance the number of reaction sites, 8 and therefore represents a viable pathway to improve battery performance. 9 Cathode materials have been an area of intense research, however the materials for anodes have had less attention, particularly with respect to synthesis method.
The basic structure of SIBs can be divided into the following parts: Structure and working principle of sodium-ion batteries Positive electrode materials: the positive electrode materials of SIBs mainly include transition metal oxides, polyanionic compounds, Prussian blue analogues, layered oxides, fluoride and organic compounds, etc. Negative electrode materials: Negative electrode active materials are generally selected from carbon materials, such as natural graphite, artificial graphite, intermediate phase carbon microspheres, etc., which have excellent cycling stability.
Recently, sodium superionic conductor (NASICON)-type Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (NVP), serving as representative of polyanionic compounds, has been intensively studied owing to its fast ion diffusion capability and thermal stability. 54,55 Unfortunately, it suffers from poor electronic conductivity and slow reaction kinetics, which significantly limit its electrochemical performance and further practical applications. 6, The electronic conductivity of NVP can be improved through carbon coating, while designing hollow micro-/nanostructures can further enhance its overall performance.
Secondly, the rGO wrapping around the Sn/NS-CNFs serves multiple functions: with large 2D surface and superior electrical conductivity, rGO could improve the conductivity of the electrode and enlarge the contact area with electrolyte; rGO possesses excellent mechanical flexibility and chemical stability, which could efficiently alleviate the huge volume expansion/contraction of the electrode during sodiation/desodiation processes, maintaining the electrode integrity; the rGO "bridges" among Sn/NS-CNFs function as an electrical highway and also contribute extra sodium storage.
Both systems operate on the same basic principles, and therefore, the existing Li-ion battery (LIB) manufacturing infrastructure can be adapted to produce NIBs, representing a significant advantage for the investment and support of this technology. Despite this fact, sodium-ion batteries exhibiting high energy densities are currently limited, and it is challenging to improve the NIBs using existing liquid electrolyte systems. A viable strategy involves the replacement of the liquid electrolyte with a solid electrolyte, which also acts as a physical barrier to dendrite growth.
Hard carbon, also known as non-graphitizable carbon, is very difficult to be graphitized even at a temperature higher than 2000 ºC. 31,32 Its structure typically comprises small turbostratic nano-domains with nanosized voids sitting in between these nano-domains. 32 Pioneering studies have demonstrated promising performance of hard carbon as anodes for both LIBs and NIBs with low operating potentials and relatively high specific capacities. Unfortunately, hard carbon usually suffers a low first-cycle Coulombic efficiency, lower than 75%, and fast capacity fading over cycling.
To overcome these defects, polyanionic materials have been investigated as promising cathode active material groups for Na-ion batteries that fulfil the two requirements of the cornersharing framework with a large bottleneck for Na + diffusion and an increase of the redox potential through an inductive effect. The corner-sharing structures of MO 6 (M is a 3d transition metal) octahedra and XO 4 (X is a heteroelement such as Si, P, S, As, Mo, W, etc.) tetrahedra such as NASICON-type Na a M 2 (XO 4 ) 3 form a suitable bottleneck for the three-dimensional diffusion of Na + ions.
The structure change is already observed just after 2 hours of air exposure as the formation of O3 and P3-type Naj_yNio.5Mno.5O2 (Figure 85).12 The proportion of Nadeficient P3 phase gradually increases with the prolongation of air-exposure time, and the majority of water-soaked mate rial transform into P3 phase (Figure 86), indicating serious destruction of structure in water-soaked material triggered by excessive extraction of Na and insertion of H20 mole cules. 13 In contrast, a small amount of Cu/Ti co-substitution is sufficient to inhibit the spontaneous phase transition.
Only the internal losses of the battery system (i.e., the electricity dissipated during a charge-discharge cycle due to ohmic and electrochemical losses) and battery replacements are accounted for, which both can have a signicant inuence on their overall environmental impacts over their lifetime. 2,47 The remaining components of a battery system (e.g., pack and module casing, inverter, battery management system, gears and switches) is assumed to be identical for both LIB and SIB systems and are therefore neglected in this assessment, focusing explicitly on the battery cells.
However, the simultaneous occupation of adjacent Na e and Na f sites would result in close proximity of sodium ions with shared prismatic faces and is therefore considered unlikely. 63 According to the principles by Linus Pauling, Na e sites are expected to be energetically more favourable than Na f sites. 63 Neutron diffraction (ND) is an invaluable tool for investigating transition metal superstructures due to variant scattering lengths of 3d transition metals. 64 In particular, the neutron scattering length of Mn = -3.73 fm is distinctly different from that of Ni = 10.3 fm.
This large-scale energy storage requires battery components (e.g., electrode materials, electrolytes) to be sustainable, inexpensive, earth-abundant, and environmentally friendly. 1 In this regard, aqueous Na-ion batteries (ANIBs) represent a promising energy storage technology because of their intrinsic safety and cost advantages brought by aqueous electrolytes and inexhaustible sodium resources. In reverse, the electrochemical performance (e.g., power density, cycling stability) of ANIBs is determined by the battery components, especially electrode materials and electrolytes.
In electrocatalytic processes that use cobalt-based catalysts, it is assumed that Co 3+ is the main active site involved in the catalytic steps such as adsorption, activation, and desorption. 38 However, the Co 3+ active site on Co-PBA is obtained from the oxidation of Co 2+ present in its sphere of external coordination, Co 3 [Co(CN) 6 ] 2 , where is also located some vacancies on the structure mainly occupied by water molecules, a feature of Prussian blue analogues. 39 The Co 3+ in the sphere of internal coordination is more related to providing stabilization to the structure.
Renewable energy sources are quickly diversifying the power supply for modern electric grid. However, the intermittent nature of these renewables bring huge challenge to the swinging power demand of end users during peak and off-peak periods. Economic and high efficiency rechargeable batteries have great advantages in terms of flexibility and portability and are in great demand as alternatives to other types of storage systems for grid energy storage. And Na-ion batteries (NIBs) are regarded as one of the potential technologies to satisfy the request on both performance and cost.
NaSICON is a fast Na + conductor discovered by Hong and Goodenough in 1976. 17 Na + is transported through the bottlenecks created by corner-sharing zirconia octahedra and silica tetrahedra. 51,52 NaSICON synthesis was achieved using solid-state ceramic processing techniques described by Gross et al. 53 ZrSiO4 (Sigma-Aldrich, -325 mesh) and Na3PO4•12H2O (Sigma-Aldrich, >98%), SiO2 (Sigma-Aldrich) and NaCO3 (Fisher Scientific) powders were ball-milled in ethanol in a 2:0.6:0.4:0.8 molar ratio and subsequently dried by rotary evaporation before further drying under vacuum overnight.
Some recent reports on hard carbon anodes investigated strain using in situ imaging techniques to correlate volume expansion to the depth of discharge, uncovering residual strain in the hard carbon after a full charge/discharge cycle. 31 It was hypothesized that this remnant strain could be minimized by controlling the depth of discharge with capacity cutoffs to reduce the overall volume expansion and, in turn, extend the cycling lifetime. 32 Some of the most heavily characterized anodes exploit conversion reactions and have focused on transition metal sulfides (i.e., MoS 2 , CuS).
The apparent diffusion coefficient of the sodium ions across the interface can be obtained from the low-frequency region using below equations : where R is the gas constant, T is the temperature, A is the active surface area of the electrode, F is the Faraday constant, n is the number of electrons participating in the redox reaction, C is the concentration of Na + in the electrode and W is the Warburg coefficient in the low-frequency region, related to the Z re inversely, in the above equation and is calculated from the linear fitting of Z re versus ω -0.5 plot, as depicted in Fig.
Because of the lower bonding force between Na2 cations and O, 17 it is easier to extract Na2 with eight coordination or insert Na + . 17 With a high theoretical capacity of 176.2 mA h g À1 , which exceeds that of other NASICONs, one can expect that three sodium ions can insert/take up to/from Na 3.2 V 1.5 Cr 0.1 Mn 0.1 -Fe 0.1 Al 0.1 Mg 0.1 (PO 4 ) 3 hinged on V 5+ /V 4+ , V 4+ /V 3+ and V 3+ /V 2+ redox processes. 15 The site occupancy of the dopant elements in the HE-V framework was carefully considered to understand their role in structural stability and electrochemical behavior.
Prussian blue analogues, polyanion, etc.). 1,2 NaMO 2 compounds crystallise in structures that vary in the coordination of Na (octahedral: O or trigonal prismatic: P) and the stacking of the oxygen layers (e.g. 2: ABBA ordering). 3 To date, the full charge storage capacity of NaMO 2 compounds cannot be utilized primarily because of phase transitions at low Na contents (high states of charge) which adversely affect capacity retention on cycling. 4 For example, P2-Na 2/3 [Ni 1/3 Mn 2/3 ]O 2 undergoes a phase transition to the O2 structure, shown in Fig. 1, when charged above 4.1 V vs.
Under more practical cycling conditions, at higher rates, full sodiation of Sn to Na 3.75 Sn might in fact not occur, 64 as supported by signicantly lower capacities for Snbased electrodes. Notably, in the case of SnSb electrodes Na 3 Sb could be crystallized at elevated temperatures, whereas Sn environments remain incompletely sodiated, as reported by Baggetto et al. 61 Thus, the generally lower capacity of SnSbbased anodes for Na-ion storage compared to Li-ion storage 40,56 which is also observed for the herein presented SnSb NCsmight be attributed to not fully sodiated Sn-phases.
Herein, in response to the problems of NASICON-type materials with an undesirable lattice change, an inferior capacity retention (especially at high current rates), and a low capacity from the inactive V 4+ /V 5+ redox couple (Fig. 1a), we applied a configurational entropy engineering strategy via compositionally complex doping at the 12c Wyckoff site 37 in improving the NASICON (i.e., Na 3.2 V 1.5 Cr 0.1 Mn 0.1 Fe 0.1 Al 0.1 Mg 0.1 (PO 4 ) 3 ) material Energy & Environmental Science (HE-V) that demonstrated high energy-density Na + storage capabilities and ''low-strain'' properties.
The discharge-charge capacities of NaV(SO 4 ) 2 are comparable to those of NaFe(SO 4 ) 2 (Fe 2+ /Fe 3+ ). 13 The potential difference of 1 V between NaV(SO 4 ) 2 and NaFe(SO 4 ) 2 was reasonably attributed to the typical potential gap between V 2+ / V 3+ and Fe 2+ /Fe 3+ , similar to the difference observed between the NASICON-type materials Na 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (1.5 or 1.6 V) and Na 3 Fe 2 (PO 4 ) 3 (2.5 V). Different electrolyte types did not affect the discharge-charge properties in the sodiation/ desodiation process from the initial state of NaV(SO 4 ) 2 , as shown in Fig. 3a andc.
The latter has been extensively studied for numerous applications including water treatment, catalyst support materials, 19 carbon composites, and electrode materials for supercapacitors, 23,24 fuel cells 25,26 or batteries. HCMS have the advantage over other forms of hard carbon of high packing density and structural stability with good accessibility of the pores for liquid media such as electrolytes. 31 In this work, we demonstrate that HTC of trehalose, in contrast to the other saccharides, results in microspherical hydrochar with a distinctly bimodal sphere diameter distribution.
In general, ether-based electrolytes have demonstrated notable improvements in sodium storage performance when compared to traditional carbonate-based electrolytes. 39 Although the ionic conductivity (ca. 7 to 10 mS cm À1 ) and viscosity (ca. 0.7 to 1.1 cP) of diglyme and carbonates are relatively similar, diglyme demonstrates superior reductive stability. 40 This is attributed to a higher lowest unoccupied molecular orbital (LUMO) level of ether-based solvents compared to carbonates, 40b which enhances the electrochemical stability window and makes diglyme less prone to decomposition.
Among various types, lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) are widely used due to their intrinsically high energy density and long lifespan. However, challenges still lie in the cost and sustainability of LIBs because of the scarcity of lithium and unequal distributions of global lithium reserves. In the light of such concerns, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have attracted attention as an alternative to LIBs, given the abundant resource, low cost, and eco-friendly nature of sodium. Research on SIBs should be accelerated in order to advance the sustainable and pricecompetitive energy storage system.
Although lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) and lithium metal batteries (LMBs) have been developed in fundamental research as an industrial application, the fewer lithium resources on Earth and hence their high cost restrict the longterm usage of LIBs. However, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have lowered the concerns, thanks to the abundant sodium sources and cheaper sodium salt. 4,5 On the other hand, commercial graphite anode is not suitable for SIBs because its interlayer spacing is smaller than the diameter of Na + . 6,7 Thus, exploring suitable anode materials is urgently required for SIBs.
It has been reported that there are a few Li + /Na + -ion solid electrolytes with ionic conductivities approaching or even surpassing the conductivity of liquid electrolytes, such as LISICON, Liargyrodites and borohydrides (e.g., NaCB n-1 H n (n = 10 and 11), but sufficiently high conductivity is reached in many more material classes like garnets (e.g., LLZO), and NASICON (both Na and Li). 7,8 One of the most promising classes of sodium-based solidstate electrolytes, with its excellent chemical and thermal stability, is called NASICON, which is short for sodium (NA) SuperIonic CONductor.
Sodium foil (Aladdin, 99.7%) was used as both the counter and reference electrodes, the sodium foil was prepared by rolling the bulk sodium metal to a thickness of ~1 mm in an Ar-filled glove box and punching into a disc with a diameter of 14 mm. 70 wt.% of active materials, 20 wt.% of acetylene black (99.9% purity, Guangdong Canrd New Energy Technology Co.) were hand-ground in a mortar for 20 mins, then transferred into a vial and 10 wt.% of polyvinylidene fluoride (99.5%, Guangdong Canrd New Energy Technology Co.) in N-methyl-2pyrrolidone (Aladdin, 99.9%) was added and stirred for 4 h.
Whilst lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), as the established technology, have been widely used in portable electronic devices and electric vehicles, the increased cost and inhomogeneous distribution of lithium resources severely impede their potential for large-scale EES applications. 1,2 In contrast, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) are considered as the most promising alternatives to LIBs, especially for large-scale energy storage due to their low cost and abundant resources. 3,4 However, the development of advanced and economic electrode materials has limited the commercial application of SIBs.
Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have emerged as a promising alternative to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), particularly for largescale energy storage applications, due to their abundant and evenly distributed raw materials, cost-effectiveness, and comparable electrochemical performance. As the global demand for sustainable and scalable energy storage solutions continues to grow, the development of SIBs is receiving increasing attention. However, without understanding their safety and reliability under mechanical abuse conditions, the widespread adoption of SIBs faces big hurdles and challenges.
Lim et al. grew WS 2 nanosheets onto a Prussian blue-derived nitrogen-doped carbon nanocubic framework (NCF) through a solvothermal method to prepare cubic-shaped WS 2 @NCF nanostructures with vertical rose petal-like layers. 111 Because of good electrochemical transport properties resulting from the nanostructured hierarchical scaffolding and the highly conductive nature of the carbon framework, the as-prepared WS 2 @NCF exhibited a good cycling stability (0.1% capacity fading per cycle over 500 cycles) and high rate capacities of 384 and 151 mA h g -1 at 0.1 and 5 A g -1 , respectively.
Due to the rapid consumption of lithium resources, the commercial production of lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) is seriously restricted by the increasing price of lithium resources. 1 Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs), with abundant reserves of raw materials and reasonable energy density, are considered as one of the most promising alternatives to LIBs. 2 Unfortunately, the radius of sodium-ions is 55% larger than that of lithium-ions, which makes it difficult to reversibly insert into electrode materials. 3 Only a few materials for lithium-ion batteries are suitable for accommodating sodium-ions.
Similarly, SMTA electrolyte leverages temperature-dependent dipole-dipole interactions, where AN preferentially interacts with MeTHF at elevated temperatures to suppress parasitic reactions and stabilize solvation structures, while binding strongly with THF at subzero temperatures to inhibit salt precipitation and enhance ion kinetics as shown in Fig. 8(e), enabling hard carbon anodes to operate stably from -60 °C to 55 °C. 80 However, although ether-based solvents excel in LT applications, their inherent poor oxidative stability and flammability constrain their operational voltage range.
A large-size single-crystalline O3-type NaCrO 2 cathode with an exposed active facet, prepared using an acetate-assisted solid-phase reaction, leveraged special crystal modulation and single-crystal properties to achieve a remarkable capacity retention of 97.2% after 100 cycles at 1C, even under harsh conditions like -20 °C. 156 Similarly, a hysteresis-abated P2-type NaCoO 2 cathode demonstrated high-rate, stable charge-discharge cycles. 157 This highlights the potential of tailored crystal structures for enhancing performance while addressing the challenges associated with nanomaterials.
These mesoporous carbon microparticles were used as sodium-ion battery anodes and showed three distinct advantages: the multi-walled-carbon-nanotubes functioned both as an electrical highway and backbone providing mechanical integrity, the nanosized primary particle size prevented fracture upon the large volume change caused by sodium insertion and de-insertion, the secondary structure of the microparticles potentially limited the formation of a solid-electrolyte-interface on their surface instead of on individual nanoparticles, retaining the internal void space for nanoparticle expansion.
Sodium is preferentially located in a triangular prismatic or octahedral environment with six-fold coordination to the surrounding oxygen atoms of the MO 2 slabs. 47 As described above, P2-type Na x MO 2 structures are characterized by a trigonal prismatic environment of sodium and two MO 2 slabs within the unit cell. 58 Due to similar X-ray scattering length of 3d transition metals, 59 the crystal structure of P2-type sodium transition metal oxides as derived from X-ray diffraction (XRD) is typically indexed in space group P6 3 /mmc (SG 194), here noted as a "small unit cell" (Fig. 1A-C).
Furthermore, a CNT-decorated NaTi 2 (PO 4 ) 3 @C nanocomposite demonstrated a specific capacity of 62.2 mAh g -1 at 10C under -20 °C, leveraging the advantages of both the CNT network and the NASICON framework. 210 Additionally, KTiOPO 4 , known for its high ionic conductivity, exhibited remarkable stability in Na/K ion batteries at low temperatures, showing no capacity degradation after 550 cycles at 3C under -35 °C. 211 Despite these advancements, the challenge of low discharge capacity and electronic conductivity continues to limit the full potential of titanium-based compounds in SIBs.
Our calculated results show that the two-dimensional ReN 2 monolayer is promising as electrode materials because it keeps metallic feature before and after the adsorption of Na/K atom and thus has the good electric conductivity; the small lattice changes during the intercalation reveals the good recyclability; the maximum storage capacity of the ReN 2 monolayer reaches to 751 mA h g -1 for Na-ion batteries, which is quite high among two-dimensional electrode materials to date; the low ion diffusion barriers (0.027 eV for Na and 0.127 eV for K) can make the charging/discharging cycles fast.
With regard to large-scale energy storage systems, sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have gained extensive attention as potential alternatives to lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) due to the natural abundance and low cost of sodium and similar principles to LIBs. Currently, the largest challenge of SIBs for practical applications is exploiting suitable electrode materials that can absorb/release sodium ions with enough reversible capacity and diffusion kinetics. 6,7 SIBs are not as attractive as LIBs, mostly because of the lack of anode materials with comparable performance to graphite anodes in LIBs.
One study used a deposited layer of indium tin oxide and another deposited graphene like carbon.23, 24 In 13"-A1203, the poor wetting of Na is often attributed to the high surface tension of molten Na, combined with the formation of Na20 when molten Na reacts with adsorbed water on the surface of B"-A1203 or by the presence of surface Ca impurities leftover from synthesis.9, 10, 19, 25, 26 It is unclear, however, if these mechanisms for poor wetting are applicable to NaSICON, which is synthesized in a very different manner and demonstrates substantially lower water reactivity than ir -A1203.
During the heat treatment the precursor molecules undergo condensation and cross-linking, resulting in a highly microporous, hard carbon-like network with significant nitrogen content, as was already reported by Walczak et al. 53 The fundamental structural and electrochemical characterization of HAT-CN-derived materials was subject to previous work in our group and will therefore be treated only briefly in the following. 54 The present sample of C-HAT-1600 is a hard carbon that is non-porous when analyzed by Ar physisorption at 87 K with a BET surface area of 20 m 2 g À1 as shown in Fig. 1a.
Although we have suggested carbon-coated Fe 3 O 4 as a promising anode material, we used a hard carbon anode in this study because the conversion electrode lowers the energy density compared to hard carbon due to the higher operation voltage. 23,26 Our preliminary data for full cells (Supplementary Figs 10 and11), both of C/RAHC and C/Bulk full cells, indicate that the optimized condition was to settle the N/P ratio to 1.1 for the full cell fabrication, which was determined based on irreversible capacity and operation voltage varying the ratio from 1.1 to 1.5 (Supplementary Figs 10a and11a).
A promising system is the manganese-based layered oxide material, which exhibits high theoretical capacities, has low production costs and low environmental impact, and provides easy scale-up production capabilities. In 1971, Parant et al. were the rst to explore the sodium storage properties of layered Na x MnO 2 (x # 1). 19 Subsequently, manganese-based layered oxide materials were used as the rst SIB prototypes due to their high capacity, low cost, and exible production. 20 Two different kinds of Na + coordination congurations, P (prismatic) and O (octahedral), occur in layered oxides.
In other words, the expansion of the inner carbon layer spacing is conducive to the stable diffusion of K + within the material, and the contribution of pseudocapacitance is also due to the abundant defects formed by heteroatom doping. Unfortunately, the application of hard carbons in PIBs is still restricted by the unsatisfying initial coulombic efficiency (ICE), poor conductivity and so on. 54,55 In order to deal with the above-mentioned dilemma, researchers have made various attempts to modify hard carbon materials, including micronano structure control and intrinsic property optimization.
Various candidates for SIB cathodes have been explored using technologies commonly applied to LIBs, and their performance has been signicantly enhanced. Nevertheless, the performance of anode materials based on carbonaceous materials has been found to be unsatisfactory. 11,12 Numerous studies have centred on developing new anode materials that interact with sodium through alloying 13,14 or phase conversion. Specically, metal sulphide (MyS) converts to metal (M) and sodium sulphide (Na 2 S) through sodiation, as shown in eqn . where MyS and M represent metal sulphide and metal, respectively.
Solid-state NMR is particularly applicable for probing the coordination numbers of spin active nuclei such as 23 Na, 31 P and 27 Al, network connectivity and, in favourable cases, next-nearest neighbour (NNN) connectivity, whilst Raman and infrared spectroscopy can be utilised to probe the nature of the bond between the metal cation and its surrounding oxygen anion. 30,31 In the present study, the NASICON-based glasses with a modied chemical formula of Na 2.8 Ca 0.1 Al 2 P 3 O 12 (NCAP) was considered as a starting glass composition to design and develop the solid-based electrolyte material.
Despite the similar working principles between the two types of batteries, it is questionable to transfer models developed for LIBs directly to SIBs, considering that the degradation mechanisms may differ for several reasons: the larger radius of Na + (1.90 Å) compared to Li + (1.67 Å) may lead to greater volume expansion and slower reactions in SIBs, the common electrode materials (e.g., hard carbon, NaVPO4) of SIBs show different structures compared to those of LIBs (e.g., graphite, LiFePO4), and the operational electrochemical windows and transport kinetics may exhibit different behaviors.
The as-prepared P2 0 Na 0.67 Mn 0.95 Mg 0.05 O 2 and Na 0.67 Mn 0.9 Mg 0.1 O 2 phases adopt an orthorhombic symmetry (Cmcm space group), as reported by Billaud et al. 29 Superlattice peaks are absent from the XRD data collected on the 5 and 10% Mg doped phases, suggesting no long-range ordered pattern of the Mg and Mn ions on the transition metal lattice, unlike that reported for the P2-type Na x Mn 0.89 Mg 0.11 O 2 and Na 0.67 Mn 0.72 Mg 0.28 O 2 compounds. 26,28 Upon charge, the structure of the 5% Mg-doped material remains orthorhombic down to x = 0.38 (Fig. 6a and Table S4a in the ESI †).
It has been demonstrated that sulfur doped in porous carbon not only improves the charge transfer, but also increases the sodium storage capacity due to its electrochemical reactivity with sodium ions. 60 In a work reported by Zhang et al., reduced graphene oxide (RGO) was introduced, additionally, to the TiO 2 /carbon composite by utilizing a GO/MOF composite as precursor. 61 It is believed that the wrapping of RGO could improve the electronic conductivity, and construct a unique porous structure with isooriented TiO 2 nanoparticles, leading to enhanced cycling stability and rate performance.
The cycle life and safety of SIBs are highly dependent on the specific cell chemistry. 31,32 In particular, polyanionic-type materials, but also SIBs based on Prussian blue analogues (PBAs), demonstrate excellent cycling stability and good safety characteristics, as reflected in analyses of initial commercial cells. 33,34 In contrast, layered oxide-based SIBs generally exhibit a shorter cycle life compared to LIBs, 35 and represent the SIB-CAM group most prone to thermal runaway. 36 Additional realworld data on safety and cycling performance are required for a robust evaluation of TRL and MRL.
